data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XdgIconLoader.so                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Xdg.pc                           libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5XdgIconLoader.pc                 libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xdg.so                                  libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/iconengines/libQt5XdgIconPlugin.so     libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libqtxdg/LICENSE                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdg/qt5xdg-config-version.cmake    libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdg/qt5xdg-config.cmake            libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdg/qt5xdg-targets-release.cmake   libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdg/qt5xdg-targets.cmake           libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdgiconloader/qt5xdgiconloader-targets.cmake libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdgiconloader/qt5xdgiconloader-targets-release.cmake libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdgiconloader/qt5xdgiconloader-config.cmake libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cmake/qt5xdgiconloader/qt5xdgiconloader-config-version.cmake libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/xdg/lxqt-qtxdg.conf                           libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/xdg/qtxdg.conf                                libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgmenu.h                          libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgdefaultapps.h                   libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgautostart.h                     libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xmlhelper.h                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgicon.h                          libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgAction                          libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgIcon                            libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgmimeapps.h                      libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgmacros.h                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgAutoStart                       libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgdesktopfile.h                   libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgDefaultApps                     libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgMenu                            libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XmlHelper                          libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgMenuWidget                      libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgaction.h                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgMimeApps                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgDirs                            libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgmenuwidget.h                    libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgdirs.h                          libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/xdgmimetype.h                      libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgMimeType                        libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdg/XdgDesktopFile                     libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdgiconloader/3.9.1/private/xdgiconloader/xdgiconloader_p.h libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/qt5xdgiconloader/xdgiconloader_export.h   libqtxdg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/sdktool                         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/qtpromaker                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/qtcreator_process_stub          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/buildoutputparser               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/qtc-askpass                     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/clangbackend                    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qtcreator/cpaster                         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt-creator/LICENSE                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/fonts/SourceCodePro.txt           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/fonts/SourceCodePro-Regular.ttf   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/fonts/SourceCodePro-Bold.ttf      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/fonts/SourceCodePro-It.ttf        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/bash.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/qdocconf.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/dtd.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/powershell.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/doxygen.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/yacc.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/alert.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/java.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/perl6.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/makefile.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/valgrind-suppression.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/javadoc.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/ini.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/css.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/perl.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/ruby.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/python.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/xml.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/cmake.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/html.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/markdown.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/modelines.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/generic-highlighter/syntax/json.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qt5QtQuick2-bundle.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qt-labs-folderlistmodel.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-location.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-sensors.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qmltypes-bundle.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-systeminfo.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtwebkit.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qbs.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-organizer.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qt-labs-particles.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-gallery.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qbs-base.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-contacts.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-feedback.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qmlproject.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qt-labs-gestures.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-serviceframework.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-messaging.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qmlruntime.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmultimediakit.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-connectivity.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qtmobility-publishsubscribe.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/builtins.qmltypes qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qmlproject-bundle.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml-type-descriptions/qbs-bundle.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_de.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_sl.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_da.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_hr.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_pl.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_ru.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_zh_CN.qm   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_uk.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_ja.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_cs.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_zh_TW.qm   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/translations/qtcreator_fr.qm      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/default_classic.xml        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/solarized-light.xml        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/inkpot.xml                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/creator-dark.xml           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/grayscale.xml              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/dark.xml                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/default.xml                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/solarized-dark.xml         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/intellij.xml               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/styles/modnokai_night_shift_v2.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/schemes/MS_Visual_C++.kms         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/schemes/Xcode.kms                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/glsl/glsl_es_100_common.glsl      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/glsl/glsl_es_100.vert             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/glsl/glsl_120.vert                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/glsl/glsl_120.frag                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/glsl/glsl_120_common.glsl         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/glsl/glsl_es_100.frag             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/boosttypes.py            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/utils.py                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/opencvtypes.py           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/misctypes.py             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/cdbbridge.py             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/pdbbridge.py             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/qttypes.py               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/personaltypes.py         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/creatortypes.py          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/README.txt               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/LICENSE.GPL3-EXCEPT      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/dumper.py                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/lldbbridge.py            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/setup.cfg                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/stdtypes.py              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/debugger/gdbbridge.py             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/types/enumeration.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/types/types.pri     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/GenericBackend.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/ToolBarButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/PlanarDraggable.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/IconGizmo.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/Overlay2D.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/Window.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/LightGizmo.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/ScaleGizmo.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/RotateGizmo.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/CameraGizmo.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/DirectionalDraggable.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/ToggleButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/MoveGizmo.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/RotateRing.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/HelperGrid.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/Arrow.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/meshes/arrow.mesh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/meshes/scalerod.mesh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/meshes/axishelper.mesh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/meshes/ringselect.mesh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/meshes/ring.mesh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/EditView3D.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/SelectionBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/PlanarMoveHandle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/SceneView3D.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/CameraFrustum.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/IconRenderer3D.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/Dialog.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/AxisHelper.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/ScaleRod.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/AutoScaleHelper.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/PlanarScaleHandle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/Line3D.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/EditCameraController.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/LightModel.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/spot_light_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/area_light_gradient@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/editor_camera.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/editor_camera@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/directional_light_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/spot_light_gradient@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/directional_light_gradient@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/point_light_gradient@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/point_light_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/images/area_light_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/AxisHelperArm.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/mockfiles/SwipeView.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/interfaces/interfaces.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/interfaces/nodeinstanceserverinterface.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/interfaces/nodeinstanceclientinterface.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/interfaces/commondefines.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/interfaces/nodeinstanceglobal.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/interfaces/nodeinstanceserverinterface.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/html/welcome.html   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/iconrenderer/iconrenderer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/iconrenderer/iconrenderer.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/iconrenderer/iconrenderer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/qml2puppetmain.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/qml2puppet.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/qml2puppet.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/Info.plist qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/layoutnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/servernodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/dummycontextobject.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt3dpresentationnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5previewnodeinstanceserver.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5testnodeinstanceserver.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qmltransitionnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/childrenchangeeventfilter.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5previewnodeinstanceserver.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qmltransitionnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/objectnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/nodeinstancesignalspy.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/servernodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/anchorchangesnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/childrenchangeeventfilter.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/quick3dnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/instances.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/dummynodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/componentnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/behaviornodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/behaviornodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5testnodeinstanceserver.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/nodeinstanceserver.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qmlstatenodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5nodeinstanceserver.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5rendernodeinstanceserver.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/nodeinstanceserver.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/nodeinstancesignalspy.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/quickitemnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/anchorchangesnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/quickitemnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5rendernodeinstanceserver.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5nodeinstanceclientproxy.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/dummycontextobject.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qmlpropertychangesnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/layoutnodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5informationnodeinstanceserver.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5nodeinstanceserver.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/positionernodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5nodeinstanceclientproxy.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt5informationnodeinstanceserver.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qmlstatenodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/quick3dnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qt3dpresentationnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/dummynodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/positionernodeinstance.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/qmlpropertychangesnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/objectnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/instances/componentnodeinstance.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/generalhelper.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/mousearea3d.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/icongizmoimageprovider.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/linegeometry.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/linegeometry.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/camerageometry.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/gridgeometry.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/lightgeometry.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/generalhelper.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/gridgeometry.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/icongizmoimageprovider.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/lightgeometry.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/camerageometry.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/editor3d.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/selectionboxgeometry.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/selectionboxgeometry.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qml2puppet/editor3d/mousearea3d.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlpuppet.qrc       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlpuppet_utilities.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/tokencommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changenodesourcecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/createscenecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/informationchangedcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changefileurlcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changenodesourcecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/removepropertiescommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/createinstancescommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changestatecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changeidscommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/removepropertiescommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changebindingscommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/puppettocreatorcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changeauxiliarycommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/endpuppetcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/valueschangedcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/childrenchangedcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/removeinstancescommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/informationchangedcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/componentcompletedcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/commands.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/view3dactioncommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changefileurlcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changestatecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changeauxiliarycommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/debugoutputcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changevaluescommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/view3dactioncommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/valueschangedcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/inputeventcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changeidscommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/puppetalivecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/statepreviewimagechangedcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changebindingscommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/createinstancescommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/inputeventcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/childrenchangedcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/completecomponentcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/pixmapchangedcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/componentcompletedcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/removesharedmemorycommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/pixmapchangedcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changevaluescommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/completecomponentcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/synchronizecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/update3dviewstatecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/debugoutputcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/synchronizecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/update3dviewstatecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/puppetalivecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/removesharedmemorycommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changeselectioncommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/statepreviewimagechangedcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/endpuppetcommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/tokencommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/clearscenecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/clearscenecommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/createscenecommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/reparentinstancescommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/puppettocreatorcommand.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/reparentinstancescommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/removeinstancescommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/commands/changeselectioncommand.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/instances/nodeinstanceclientproxy.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/instances/instances.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/instances/nodeinstanceclientproxy.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/metaobject.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/qmlprivategate.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/metaobject.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/designercustomobjectdata.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/qmlprivategate.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/qmlprivategate.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/designersupportdelegate.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/designercustomobjectdata.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/qmlprivategate/qmlprivategate_56.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/propertyabstractcontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/sharedmemory_unix.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/propertybindingcontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/sharedmemory_qt.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/propertyabstractcontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/addimportcontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/instancecontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/instancecontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/mockuptypecontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/idcontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/informationcontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/reparentcontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/propertybindingcontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/imagecontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/container.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/reparentcontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/imagecontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/mockuptypecontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/informationcontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/sharedmemory.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/propertyvaluecontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/idcontainer.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/propertyvaluecontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/container/addimportcontainer.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/images/webkit.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qml/qmlpuppet/images/template_image.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/android/sdk_definitions.json      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/cplusplus/wrappedQtHeaders/QtCore/qobjectdefs.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/cplusplus/examples/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/cplusplus/examples/clazy_example.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/cplusplus/examples/tidy_example.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/cplusplus/examples/tidy_example.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/cplusplus/examples/examples.pro   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/statesEditorQmlSources/StatesList.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/statesEditorQmlSources/DesignerTextFieldStyle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/statesEditorQmlSources/StatesDelegate.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/workspacePresets/Essentials.wrk qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/workspacePresets/3D_Preset.wrk qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/itemLibraryQmlSources/ItemDelegate.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/itemLibraryQmlSources/ItemsView.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/MenuSeparator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/Button.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/RealSpinBoxInput.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ComboBoxInput.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ButtonGroup.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/Menu.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/AbstractButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ContextMenu.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ItemDelegate.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/CheckBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SpinBoxIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/TextArea.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/TranslationIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SpinBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SpinBoxInput.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/Section.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/RealSpinBoxIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SecondColumnLayout.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/CheckIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ScrollView.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SliderPopup.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SectionLayout.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ComboBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/TextField.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ActionIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ButtonRow.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/RealSpinBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/qmldir qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/Slider.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ExpandingSpacer.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/MenuItem.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/SectionLabel.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/ScrollBar.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioControls/RealSliderPopup.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioTheme/Constants.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioTheme/Values.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioTheme/icons.ttf qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/StudioTheme/qmldir qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/SimpleColorPalette.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/Label.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/Button.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GradientPopupIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/StandardTextSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/UrlChooser.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ColorEditor.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GradientDialogPopup.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/MarginSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/CustomCheckBoxStyle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ExtendedFunctionLogic.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/RoundedPanel.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GradientPresetTabContent.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GradientPresetList.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/FontComboBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/FlickableSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/AbstractButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/OriginControl.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/Tab.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/AligmentVerticalButtons.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/IconLabel.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/EditableListView.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/AnchorButtons.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ExtendedFunctionButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/CheckBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ExpressionTextField.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/CustomSpinBoxStyle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ListViewComboBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/Constants.js qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/BoolButtonRowButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/SpinBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/Section.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GroupBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ColorLogic.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/LineEdit.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GradientLine.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/SecondColumnLayout.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ToolTipArea.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ButtonRowButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ScrollView.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/PaddingSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/FontStyleButtons.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/FontSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/SectionLayout.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ComboBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/DoubleSpinBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/CustomComboBoxStyle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ItemFilterComboBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ActionIndicator.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ButtonRow.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/qmldir qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ButtonRow2.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/GradientPropertySpinBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ColorCheckButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ExpandingSpacer.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/icon_color_solid.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/down-arrow@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/icon-gradient-list.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/icon_color_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/placeholder.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/icon_color_conical_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/down-arrow.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/icon_color_none.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/up-arrow@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/expression.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/checkers.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/icon_color_radial_gradient.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/submenu@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/up-arrow.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/submenu.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/placeholder@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/images/expression@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ColorButton.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/TabView.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/ColorLine.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/HueSlider.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/imports/HelperWidgets/AligmentHorizontalButtons.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/TextEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/BooleanEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/FontEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/TemplateTypes.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/UrlEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/StringEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/ColorEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/RectangleEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/IntEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/PropertyTemplates/RealEditorTemplate.template qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/emptyPane.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/TextEditSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/TextInputSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/FlipableSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ColorAnimationSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/BorderImageSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/QtObjectPane.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ImageSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/TextSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/LayoutSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/Controls/DrawerSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/Controls/DialogSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/Controls/PopupSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/Controls/PopupSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/AdvancedSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/RectangleSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/LayoutPoperties.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/SequentialAnimationSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ScriptActionSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/FlickableSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/FlowSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/TargetComboBox.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/GeometrySection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ListViewSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/AnimationTargetSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/AnchorRow.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/PropertyActionSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/LayerSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/Layouts/GridLayoutSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/PathViewSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/project.qmlproject qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/RowSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/GridViewSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/PropertyAnimationSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/GridSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ItemPane.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ParallelAnimationSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/NumberAnimationSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/Window/WindowSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/MouseAreaSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/TextInputSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/PauseAnimationSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/ColumnSpecifics.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/propertyEditorQmlSources/QtQuick/AnimationSection.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmldesigner/common/DesignerScrollViewStyle.qml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/flat.creatortheme          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/default.creatortheme       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/dark.creatortheme          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/design.creatortheme        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/flat-dark.creatortheme     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/flat-light.creatortheme    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/themes/design-light.creatortheme  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/QtWebkit/16x16/WebView.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ButtonRow.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ToolBar.png     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Text.png        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Tumbler.png     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/PathView.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Component.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ColorAnimation.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Item.png        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/DatePickerDialog.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TextEdit.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Rectangle.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TumblerColumn.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/CountBubble.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/RatingIndicator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ListView.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/FocusScope.png  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TimePickerDialog.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ListButton.png  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TumblerButton.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/MoreIndicator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ListDelegate.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/BusyIndicator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TabBar.png      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/BorderImage.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Slider.png      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ChoiceList.png  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TumblerDialog.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/MouseArea.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ProgressBar.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/PauseAnimation.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Button.png      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/State.png       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/GridView.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TextArea.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/CheckBox.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TabButton.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ButtonColumn.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/PageIndicator.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/item-icon16.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Transition.png  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Flickable.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Switch.png      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TextField.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/SequentialAnimation.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Flipable.png    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/InfoBanner.png  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/ParallelAnimation.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/TextInput.png   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Window.png      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/Image.png       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/RadioButton.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/qmlicons/Qt/16x16/PropertyChanges.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/externaltools/qmlviewer.xml       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/externaltools/lrelease.xml        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/externaltools/qmlscene.xml        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/externaltools/lupdate.xml         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/externaltools/vi.xml              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/indexer_preincludes/windows.h     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/indexer_preincludes/QtCore/qconfig.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/indexer_preincludes/QtCore/qglobal.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/indexer_preincludes/qglobal.h     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/modeleditor/standard.def          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/snippets/qml.xml                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/snippets/cpp.xml                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/snippets/text.xml                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_collection.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_plugin.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_widget.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_single.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_resources.qrc qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_widget.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_single.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_widget_lib.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_widget_include.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/qt4project/customwidgetwizard/tpl_collection.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/autotest.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/autotest@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/googlecommon.js qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst_src.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst_src.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst_qml.tmpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst_main.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/tst.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/autotest/files/gtest_dependency.pri qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/codesnippet/project.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/codesnippet/wizard.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/codesnippet/main.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/tablemodel.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/listmodel.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/listmodel.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/itemmodel.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/itemmodel.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/itemmodel/tablemodel.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/cpp/file.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/cpp/file.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/cpp/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/python/file.py qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/python/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/qtquickui/file.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/qtquickui/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/classes/qtquickui/fileForm.ui.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/global/lib@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/global/consoleapplication@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/global/guiapplication.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/global/lib.png  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/global/guiapplication@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/global/consoleapplication.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickuiprototype/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickuiprototype/app.qmlproject qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickuiprototype/qtquickuiprototype@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickuiprototype/qtquickuiprototype.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/project.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/widget.ui qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/project.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/widget.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/widget.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtwidgetsapplication/main.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/object.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/project.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/plugin.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/lib@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/plugin.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/lib.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/object.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquick2-extension/qmldir qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nim/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nim/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nim/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nim/file.nimproject qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nim/main.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plainc/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plainc/main.c qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plainc/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plainc/file.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plainc/file.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/icons/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/icons/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/mainwindow/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/empty/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/empty/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/empty/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/main_empty.py qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/main_mainwindow.py qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/main_widget.ui qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/qtquickapplication/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/qtquickapplication/main.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/qtquickapplication/main.pyproject qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/main_widget.py qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/main_qtquick.py qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/widget/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/widget/main.pyproject qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtforpythonapplication/main.pyproject qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/consoleapp/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/consoleapp/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/consoleapp/file.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/consoleapp/main.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/consoleapp/file.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plaincpp/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plaincpp/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plaincpp/file.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plaincpp/main.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/plaincpp/file.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qmake/empty/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qmake/empty/file.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/empty/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/empty/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/empty/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/empty/qml.qrc qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/empty/main.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/app.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/Page2Form.ui.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/Page1Form.ui.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/qml.qrc qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/swipe/main.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/qtquickcontrols2.conf qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/Page2Form.ui.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/Page1Form.ui.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/HomeForm.ui.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/qml.qrc qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/stack/main.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/app.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/scroll/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/scroll/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/scroll/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/scroll/qml.qrc qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/scroll/main.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/qtquickapplication/main.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/cvs/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/cvs/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/cvs/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/git/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/git/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/git/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/bazaar/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/bazaar/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/bazaar/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/subversion/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/subversion/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/subversion/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/mercurial/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/mercurial/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/vcs/mercurial/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/library/tests/test1.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/library/tests/config.nims qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/library/library.nimble qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/library/src/library/submodule.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/library/src/library.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/hybrid/tests/test1.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/hybrid/tests/config.nims qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/hybrid/hybrid.nimble qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/hybrid/src/hybridpkg/submodule.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/hybrid/src/hybrid.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/binary/src/binary.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/nimble/binary/binary.nimble qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/git.ignore qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/project.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/CMakeLists.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/project.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/lib_global.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/project.qbs qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/lib.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/cpplibrary/lib.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/projects/translation.ts qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/material-dark.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/universal-light@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/material-light.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/default@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/universal-light.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/universal-dark.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/material-dark@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/universal-dark@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/default.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtquickstyleicons/material-light@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/README.txt      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/github_workflow_README.md qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/myplugin.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/qtcreatorplugin@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/myplugin.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/myplugin.pro qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/mypluginconstants.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/github_workflow_build_qmake.yml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/myplugin_global.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/MyPlugin.json.in qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/qtcreatorplugin/qtcreatorplugin.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/modeling/model/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/modeling/model/file.qmodel qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/modeling/scratch/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/modeling/scratch/file.qmodel qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/scxml/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/scxml/file.scxml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/text/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/text/file.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/qrc/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/qrc/file.qrc qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/qtquick2/file.qml.tpl qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/qtquick2/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/nim/file.nim qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/nim/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/python/file.py qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/python/icon@2x.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/python/icon.png qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/python/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gl/fragment/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gl/fragment/file.frag qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gl/vertex/file.vert qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gl/vertex/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gles/fragment/file.fsh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gles/fragment/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gles/vertex/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/glsl/gles/vertex/file.vsh qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/cppsource/file.cpp qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/cppsource/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/nimscript/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/nimscript/file.nims qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/js/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/js/file.js qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/java/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/java/source.java qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/form/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/form/file.ui qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/scratch/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/scratch/file.txt qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/cppheader/file.h qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/files/cppheader/wizard.json qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/org.qt-project.qtcreator.desktop qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/metainfo/org.qt-project.qtcreator.appdata.xml qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qtcreator                                     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libCPlusPlus.so.4.12                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageServerProtocol.so.4.12.4 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libSqlite.so                        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libExtensionSystem.so               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libGLSL.so.4                        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libExtensionSystem.so.4.12          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlDebug.so.4.12.4               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libGLSL.so.4.12                     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libCPlusPlus.so.4.12.4              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libModeling.so.4                    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libModeling.so.4.12.4               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlEditorWidgets.so.4            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libClangsupport.so.4                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQtcSsh.so.4.12                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libModeling.so                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libAndroid.so               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libSilverSearcher.so        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libFakeVim.so               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libImageViewer.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCppTools.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libTaskList.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libScxmlEditor.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libPython.so                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libAutoTest.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libDebugger.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libTextEditor.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCodePaster.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libQmlJSTools.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libBinEditor.so             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libClassView.so             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libModelEditor.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libVcsBase.so               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCMakeProjectManager.so   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libUpdateInfo.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libSubversion.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libHelloWorld.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libValgrind.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libGenericProjectManager.so qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libGLSLEditor.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libQmlProjectManager.so     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libQmlJSEditor.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCppcheck.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libQtSupport.so             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libHelp.so                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libDiffEditor.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libResourceEditor.so        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libAutotoolsProjectManager.so qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libQmlPreview.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCppEditor.so             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libClangCodeModel.so        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libBookmarks.so             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libEmacsKeys.so             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libMarketplace.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libGit.so                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libMacros.so                qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libTodo.so                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libClangTools.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCompilationDatabaseProjectManager.so qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libLanguageClient.so        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCVS.so                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libWelcome.so               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libQmakeProjectManager.so   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libBeautifier.so            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libRemoteLinux.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libCore.so                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libDesigner.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libProjectExplorer.so       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/plugins/libBoot2Qt.so               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libyaml-cpp.so.4.12                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlDebug.so.4.12                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageUtils.so                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libSqlite.so.4                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libUtils.so.4.12.4                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlEditorWidgets.so.4.12         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlJS.so.4                       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libUtils.so.4.12                    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libAggregation.so.4.12.4            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libClangsupport.so.4.12             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libModeling.so.4.12                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlEditorWidgets.so.4.12.4       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libGLSL.so                          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlDebug.so                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageUtils.so.4.12            qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libAggregation.so                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libExtensionSystem.so.4             qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libUtils.so.4                       qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libUtils.so                         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libCPlusPlus.so                     qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libSqlite.so.4.12.4                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libAggregation.so.4                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlJS.so.4.12                    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libCPlusPlus.so.4                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libyaml-cpp.so                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQtcSsh.so.4                      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageServerProtocol.so.4      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQtcSsh.so                        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libAggregation.so.4.12              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libKSyntaxHighlighting.so.4         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libKSyntaxHighlighting.so.4.12.4    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageServerProtocol.so        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageUtils.so.4.12.4          qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlEditorWidgets.so              qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlJS.so.4.12.4                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libSqlite.so.4.12                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libClangsupport.so.4.12.4           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQtcSsh.so.4.12.4                 qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libyaml-cpp.so.4.12.4               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libGLSL.so.4.12.4                   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlJS.so                         qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libKSyntaxHighlighting.so.4.12      qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libExtensionSystem.so.4.12.4        qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libQmlDebug.so.4                    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageUtils.so.4               qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libyaml-cpp.so.4                    qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libKSyntaxHighlighting.so           qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libLanguageServerProtocol.so.4.12   qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qtcreator/libClangsupport.so                  qt-creator
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmake                                         qt5-qmake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qmake/LICENSE                       qt5-qmake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-host/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-host/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-cross/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-cross/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.a                qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.prl              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qvkgen                           qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/tracegen                         qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qdbusxml2cpp                     qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/moc                              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qdbuscpp2xml                     qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/rcc                              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/fixqt4headers.pl                 qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmake                            qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/syncqt.pl                        qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/uic                              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qlalr                            qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-cross/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-cross/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-host/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux-host/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.a                qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.prl              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/syncqt.pl                        qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/fixqt4headers.pl                 qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/rcc                              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/tracegen                         qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qlalr                            qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qdbusxml2cpp                     qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qdbuscpp2xml                     qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qvkgen                           qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/moc                              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/uic                              qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmake                            qt5-qtbase-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QGtk3ThemePlugin.cmake    qt5-qtbase-gtk-platformtheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platformthemes/libqgtk3.so             qt5-qtbase-gtk-platformtheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QGtk3ThemePlugin.cmake    qt5-qtbase-gtk-platformtheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platformthemes/libqgtk3.so             qt5-qtbase-gtk-platformtheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5.15                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so.5.15                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.prl                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ThemeSupport.a                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.prl                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusMacros.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XcbQpa/Qt5XcbQpaConfig.cmake         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XcbQpa/Qt5XcbQpaConfigVersion.cmake  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5/Qt5Config.cmake                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5/Qt5ConfigVersion.cmake              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5/Qt5ModuleLocation.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EventDispatcherSupport/Qt5EventDispatcherSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EventDispatcherSupport/Qt5EventDispatcherSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Test/Qt5TestConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Test/Qt5TestConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Test/Qt5TestConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Concurrent/Qt5ConcurrentConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Concurrent/Qt5ConcurrentConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupport/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupport/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FbSupport/Qt5FbSupportConfig.cmake   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FbSupport/Qt5FbSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EdidSupport/Qt5EdidSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EdidSupport/Qt5EdidSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FontDatabaseSupport/Qt5FontDatabaseSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FontDatabaseSupport/Qt5FontDatabaseSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ServiceSupport/Qt5ServiceSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ServiceSupport/Qt5ServiceSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsMacros.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsConfig.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsConfigExtras.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Zlib/Qt5ZlibConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Zlib/Qt5ZlibConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QGifPlugin.cmake          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QIbusPlatformInputContextPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QXcbIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QJpegPlugin.cmake         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QComposePlatformInputContextPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QXdgDesktopPortalThemePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QICOPlugin.cmake          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5GuiConfig.cmake               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5GuiConfigExtras.cmake         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QOffscreenIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5GuiConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QMinimalIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QTuioTouchPlugin.cmake    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QVncIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sql/Qt5SqlConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sql/Qt5Sql_QSQLiteDriverPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sql/Qt5SqlConfig.cmake               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Xml/Qt5XmlConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Xml/Qt5XmlConfig.cmake               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5InputSupport/Qt5InputSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5InputSupport/Qt5InputSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XkbCommonSupport/Qt5XkbCommonSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XkbCommonSupport/Qt5XkbCommonSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreMacros.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CTestMacros.cmake            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfigExtrasMkspecDir.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5BootstrapDBus/Qt5BootstrapDBusConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5BootstrapDBus/Qt5BootstrapDBusConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5Network_QConnmanEnginePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5Network_QNetworkManagerEnginePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5NetworkConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5NetworkConfig.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5Network_QGenericEnginePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PrintSupport/Qt5PrintSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PrintSupport/Qt5PrintSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ThemeSupport/Qt5ThemeSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ThemeSupport/Qt5ThemeSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5.15                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5.15                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so.5                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XkbCommonSupport.a                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.prl                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so.5.15.3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FbSupport.a                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.prl                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so.5.15.3                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so.5.15                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Zlib.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Concurrent.pc                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5PrintSupport.pc                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Gui.pc                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Core.pc                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Widgets.pc                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5DBus.pc                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Xml.pc                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Network.pc                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Sql.pc                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Test.pc                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ServiceSupport.a                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so.5.15.3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FontDatabaseSupport.a                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5.15.3                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.prl                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/shell-unix.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/watchos.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/msvc-version.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ios.conf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/mac.conf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-aarch64le.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/gcc-base-mac.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-integrity-x86.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/gcc-base-unix.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/c89/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/aix/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/shell-win32.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qnx/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/clang.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/gcc-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-x86-64.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/msvc-based-version.conf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++.conf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/sanitize.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/rtems/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/windows-vulkan.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-macx.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/unix.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/integrity/qplatformdefs.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-win32.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/manifests/10.0/AppxManifest.xml.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_44x44.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_480x800.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_70x70.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_store.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_30x30.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_620x300.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_71x71.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_310x150.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_310x310.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_150x150.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/angle.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-unix.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/windows-desktop.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/posix/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-x86.conf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/llvm.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-integrity-armv7.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/mac/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/icc-base-unix.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/linux.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/clang-mac.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/solaris.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit/GLES2/gl2.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit/clang.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/msvc-desktop.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/macx.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/tvos.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/g++-nacl32.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/nacl-base.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/g++-nacl64.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/android/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-integrity-armv8.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/bsd/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/bsd/bsd.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/rtems-base.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-armle-v7.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-stlport/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-stlport/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-64/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-drive-cx/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-drive-cx/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/linux_device_pre.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/freebsd_device_post.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/linux_arm_device_post.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/linux_device_post.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/freebsd_device_pre.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-emu-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-emu-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-h2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-h2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-generic-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-generic-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-nuc-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-nuc-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-m3-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-m3-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-beagleboard-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-beagleboard-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi4-v3d-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi4-v3d-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7540-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7540-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-snowball-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-snowball-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-archos-gen8-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-archos-gen8-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-generic-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-generic-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tegra2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tegra2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx6-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx6-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-pro-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-pro-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-ci20-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-ci20-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx53qsb-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx53qsb-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx7-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx7-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tx1-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tx1-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-generic-clang/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-generic-clang/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-odroid-xu3-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-odroid-xu3-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-trident-pnx8473-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-trident-pnx8473-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-amlogic-8726M-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-amlogic-8726M-g++/qeglfshooks_8726m.cpp qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-amlogic-8726M-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-hisilicon-hix5hd2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-hisilicon-hix5hd2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx8-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx8-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-colibri-vf-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-colibri-vf-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-vc4-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-vc4-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-rasp-pi-clang/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-rasp-pi-clang/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-SA8155P/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-SA8155P/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-broadcom-97425-g++/qdirectfbeglhooks_bcm97425.cpp qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-broadcom-97425-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-broadcom-97425-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tinkerboard-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tinkerboard-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7108-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7108-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-msm8996au/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-msm8996au/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-drive-cx-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-drive-cx-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-arm64-msvc2017/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-arm64-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_printsupport_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_service_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_input_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xml.pri             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_network.pri         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_core.pri            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_dbus.pri            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_testlib_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_widgets_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_dbus_private.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_printsupport.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_concurrent_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_testlib.pri         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_eventdispatcher_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_concurrent.pri      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_devicediscovery_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_bootstrap_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_zlib_private.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xcb_qpa_lib_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_gui_private.pri     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_edid_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_fontdatabase_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_fb_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_gui.pri             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_core_private.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xml_private.pri     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sql_private.pri     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_network_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_theme_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sql.pri             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xkbcommon_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_widgets.pri         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/wasm-emscripten/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/wasm-emscripten/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Default-568h@2x.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Info.plist.app      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/features/default_post.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/LaunchScreen.storyboard qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Info.plist.dSYM.in  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Info.plist.lib      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-qcc/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-qcc/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2019/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/openbsd-g++/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/openbsd-g++/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/android-clang/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/android-clang/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/Info.plist.app            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/qmake.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/qplatformdefs.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/Info.plist.dSYM.in        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/Info.plist.lib            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++-64/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++/qmake.conf                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++/qplatformdefs.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2015/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2015/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc-k1om/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc-k1om/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-g++/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-g++/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/cygwin-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/cygwin-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/qnx-X11-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/qnx-X11-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-scratchbox2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-scratchbox2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-dcc/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-dcc/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl-g++/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-host-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-host-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-dcc/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-dcc/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl64-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl64-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-aarch64le-qcc/qmake.conf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-aarch64le-qcc/qplatformdefs.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2019/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-msvc/qmake.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-msvc/qplatformdefs.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-32/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-32/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qconfig.pri                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/QtTest.plist            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/WorkspaceSettings.xcsettings qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/default.xcscheme        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/Info.plist.app  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/Info.plist.lib  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-64/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-64/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-llvm/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-llvm/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv8-rcar/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv8-rcar/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/haiku-g++/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/haiku-g++/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hurd-g++/qmake.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hurd-g++/qplatformdefs.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/Info.plist.app            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/qmake.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/qplatformdefs.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/Info.plist.dSYM.in        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/Info.plist.lib            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64-stlport/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64-stlport/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wayland-scanner.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_app.prf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/configure_base.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/static_runtime.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exceptions.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/no_debug_info.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/spec_pre.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/silent.prf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/sanitizer.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ctest_testcase_common.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/moc.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_functions.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/lex.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt.prf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/rtti.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmake_use.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_clear_installs.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/link_pkgconfig.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/dbuscommon.pri            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/vxworks.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_config.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resolve_target.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/hide_symbols.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11sm.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/opengl.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11inc.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/separate_debug_info.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/bsymbolic_functions.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/thread.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/ccache.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/largefile.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11lib.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testcocoon.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_tool.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_build_extra.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/declarative_debug.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exclusive_builds.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/cmdline.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/build_pass.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_plugin.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/coverage.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/default_post.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/include_source_dir.prf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qgltf.prf                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/ExtraSourceIncludes.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5BasicConfig.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5PluginTarget.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5ImportPlugin.cpp.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5ConfigVersion.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/configure.json       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/macros.cpp           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/unix/findclasslist.pl qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/dumpvcvars.bat       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/dummy.cpp            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/testserver/Dockerfile qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/testserver/docker-compose-common.yml qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/mac/objc_namespace.sh qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/designer_defines.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_tracepoints.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resources_functions.prf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_module.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/dbusinterfaces.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resources.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/dbusadaptors.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ctest_testcase_installed.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unsupported/testserver.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_module_headers.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/java.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resolve_config.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/rtti_off.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uic.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmltestcase.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qml_plugin.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ltcg.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/device_config.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testlib_defines.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/opengl.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/windows.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/windows_vulkan_sdk.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/separate_debug_info.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/qt_dll.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/idcidl.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/windeployqt.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/stl.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/msvc_mp.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/dumpcpp.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/default_pre.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/stl_off.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/console.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_configure.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_build_config.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/incredibuild_xge.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_test_helper.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/lrelease.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/precompile_header.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/cmake_functions.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testcase.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testcase_targets.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/simd.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_helper_lib.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/xctest.prf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_parts.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/spec_post.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/warn_off.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/create_cmake.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_prefix_build_check.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/toolchain.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/configure.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_module_pris.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/yacc.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_docs.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qml_module.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/no_warn_empty_obj_files.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/mac.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/default_post.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/sdk.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/objective_c.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/asset_catalogs.prf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/unsupported/objc_namespace.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/sdk.mk                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/toolchain.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/rez.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/default_pre.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wasm/emcc_ver.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wasm/wasm.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wasm/default_pre.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/file_copies.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/use_c_linker.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exclusive_builds_post.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/xcodebuild.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/qt.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/devices.py          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/default_post.prf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/sdk.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/device_destinations.sh qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/watchos_coretext.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/bitcode.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/resolve_config.prf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/xcodebuild.mk       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/testcase.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/testcase_targets.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/qt_parts.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/exclusive_builds_post.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/gc_binaries.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/default_pre.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/gc_binaries.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qml_debug.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qlalr.prf                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_build_paths.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_targets.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/plugin_bundle.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/gcov.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/warn_on.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/default_pre.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/link_ltcg.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_installs.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_example_installs.prf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/egl.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ctest_testcase.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/resolve_target.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/sdk.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/resolve_config.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/android.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/android_deployment_settings.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/spec_post.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/default_pre.prf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_android_deps.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_docs_targets.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/winrt/package_manifest.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/winrt/default_pre.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/winrt/console.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exceptions_off.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/benchmark.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/metatypes.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_common.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-clang/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-clang/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-armle-v7-qcc/qmake.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-armle-v7-qcc/qplatformdefs.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/darwin-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/darwin-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2019/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/dummy/qmake.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-msvc/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-msvc/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2015/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2015/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qmodule.pri                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qdevice.pri                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux/qmake.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux/qplatformdefs.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-32/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-32/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++-64/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/netbsd-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/netbsd-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-aarch64-gnu-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-aarch64-gnu-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-32/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-32/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2015/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2015/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2017/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2017/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2017/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-k1om/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-k1om/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-g++/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-g++/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/lynxos-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/lynxos-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-arm-gnueabi-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-arm-gnueabi-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-x86/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-x86/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/Info.plist.app     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/Info.plist.lib     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-g++/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-g++/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hpuxi-g++-64/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hpuxi-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2017/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2019/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7-imx6/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7-imx6/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.app          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.disable_highdpi qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.dSYM.in      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.lib          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-lsb-g++/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-lsb-g++/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++-32/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++-32/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-64-qcc/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-64-qcc/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.prl                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.a                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5.15                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EdidSupport.a                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5gui_metatypes.json               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5widgets_metatypes.json           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5core_metatypes.json              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5.15.3                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ServiceSupport.prl                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5.15.3                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so.5.15.3                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.prl                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so.5                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EdidSupport.prl                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so.5                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ThemeSupport.prl                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so.5.15                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DeviceDiscoverySupport.a                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DeviceDiscoverySupport.prl              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5.15.3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XkbCommonSupport.prl                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so.5                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EventDispatcherSupport.prl              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EventDispatcherSupport.a                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so.5.15                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FbSupport.prl                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5.15.3                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so.5                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.prl                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5.15.3                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5InputSupport.a                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5.15                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5InputSupport.prl                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.prl                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5.15                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so.5.15.3                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so.5.15                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FontDatabaseSupport.prl                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/generic/libqtuiotouchplugin.so         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqico.so                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqgif.so                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqjpeg.so               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platformthemes/libqxdgdesktopportal.so qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforminputcontexts/libcomposeplatforminputcontextplugin.so qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforminputcontexts/libibusplatforminputcontextplugin.so qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqxcb.so                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqminimal.so               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqoffscreen.so             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqvnc.so                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sqldrivers/libqsqlite.so               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/bearer/libqconnmanbearer.so            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/bearer/libqgenericbearer.so            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/bearer/libqnmbearer.so                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/QtXkbCommonSupport     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/5.15.3/QtXkbCommonSupport/private/qxkbcommon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/QtXkbCommonSupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/qtxkbcommonsupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/QtXkbCommonSupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupport             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupportDepends      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprinter.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintdialog.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintengine.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintPreviewDialog        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qtprintsupportversion.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrinterInfo               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupportVersion      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qabstractprintdialog.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/qpa/qplatformprintersupport.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/qpa/qplatformprintplugin.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/qpa/qplatformprintdevice.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qtprintsupportglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qprinterinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qcupsjobwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qpagesetupdialog_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qcups_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qprintengine_pdf_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qprint_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qtprintsupport-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qpaintengine_preview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qprintengine_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qpagesetupdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qabstractprintdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qprinter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qprintdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.3/QtPrintSupport/private/qpaintengine_alpha_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprinterinfo.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintEngine               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintPreviewWidget        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPageSetupDialog           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qtprintsupportglobal.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qpagesetupdialog.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintpreviewwidget.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintDialog               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QAbstractPrintDialog       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrinter                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qtprintsupport-config.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintpreviewdialog.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFileDialog                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGestureRecognizer              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTapAndHoldGesture              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsproxywidget.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractbutton.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStackedLayout                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSizePolicy                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtreewidget.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdockwidget.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabV4               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QtWidgets                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionMenuItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionHeader              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qshortcut.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCalendarWidget                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItemV2          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtwidgetsglobal.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabBarBase          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionProgressBar         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtreewidgetitemiterator.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmouseeventtransition.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qopenglwidget.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfontdialog.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGroupBox                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFileSystemModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcompleter.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscroller.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCompleter                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleFactory                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsplitter.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdatetimeedit.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgesturerecognizer.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolButton          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlistwidget.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWizard                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTabBar                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qproxystyle.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmenubar.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmdiarea.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabV3               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFrame               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLineItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qheaderview.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcolumnview.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsTransform              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QBoxLayout                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qundogroup.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsanchorlayout.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsTextItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSplitter                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstatusbar.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMenuBar                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qitemdelegate.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeWidgetItemIterator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDesktopWidget                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmessagebox.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableWidgetItem                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemEditorCreatorBase          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwidget.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPlainTextDocumentLayout        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableView                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLayout                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QProxyStyle                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcommandlinkbutton.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstackedwidget.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMdiSubWindow                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTab                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetItemV2                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdrawutil.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyleoption.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsWidget                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneContextMenuEvent  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyle.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGesture                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLCDNumber                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgesture.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsPixmapItem             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcheckbox.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDateEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMacNativeWidget                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QProgressDialog                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qboxlayout.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScrollBar                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicslayoutitem.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsProxyWidget            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtabbar.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneHoverEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsBlurEffect             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleHintReturnVariant         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QtWidgetsVersion                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgridlayout.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qplaintextedit.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeView                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneEvent             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOption                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlcdnumber.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsDropShadowEffect       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsAnchorLayout           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDirModel                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsitem.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsitemanimation.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qactiongroup.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStackedWidget                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcolormap.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPinchGesture                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QErrorMessage                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsOpacityEffect          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmdisubwindow.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolTip                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSlider                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabV2               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QHBoxLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicssceneevent.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QtWidgetsDepends                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qspinbox.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcombobox.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTextBrowser                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDockWidget                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtableview.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QActionGroup                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfontcombobox.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsEffect                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QListView                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsScene                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneResizeEvent       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionButton              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractButton                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFrame                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qframe.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsColorizeEffect         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QVBoxLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicseffect.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QColumnView                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCommonStyle                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCheckBox                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QKeySequenceEdit                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDoubleSpinBox                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionProgressBarV2       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFormLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStandardItemEditorCreator      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qkeyeventtransition.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractItemView               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtoolbox.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeWidgetItem                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItemV3          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemDelegate                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtestsupport_widgets.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTileRules                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qitemeditorfactory.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qapplication.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDialogButtonBox                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstackedlayout.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableWidget                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstylefactory.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsEllipseItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDial                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFrameV3             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdialog.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractitemview.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qbuttongroup.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTimeEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsScale                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyle                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScroller                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsItemAnimation          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QRubberBand                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdirmodel.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qproxystyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qcolumnview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qscrollerproperties_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfusionstyle_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qstylehelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qmdisubwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qlistview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicswidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qmacgesturerecognizer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qcommonstylepixmaps_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraph_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qpixmapstyle_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qdesktopwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qsimplex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qheaderview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicslayoutitem_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicslayoutstyleinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfilesystemmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qpixmapstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qbasicmouseeventtransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qeffects_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicstransform_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfontdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qcompleter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsitem_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qlayoutengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicseffect_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qdockwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qsplitter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwindowsstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtabbar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qabstractspinbox_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qpixmapfilter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qmainwindowlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscene_bsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qbasickeyeventtransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qframe_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qkeysequenceedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qaccessiblewidgetfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/simplewidgets_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicssceneindex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qsystemtrayicon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qcommonstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qundostack_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qbuttongroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbararealayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfusionstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qbsptree_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetresizehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/itemviews_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qdatetimeedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qsidebar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscenebsptreeindex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qcolumnviewgrip_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtextedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsproxywidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qcombobox_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfileiconprovider_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetrepaintmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qitemeditorfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qmenu_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qaction_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfscompleter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qmdiarea_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qaccessiblewidgets_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetlinecontrol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwindowsstyle_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsgridlayoutengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qpushbutton_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgesture_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwindowcontainer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qdockarealayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicslayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qabstractscrollarea_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscene_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwizard_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtreewidgetitemiterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscenelinearindex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qabstractbutton_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgesturemanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qabstractitemdelegate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtablewidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtwidgets-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsanchorlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgettextcontrol_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/rangecontrols_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtreeview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qplaintextedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbarseparator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qstandardgestures_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbarextension_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetitemdata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qlineedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfiledialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qabstractitemview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbarlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qstylesheetstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qlistwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgettextcontrol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qscrollarea_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qstyleanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qscrollbar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qmenubar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtableview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qapplication_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qlabel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qfileinfogatherer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qt_widgets_pch.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtwidgetsglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qflickgesture_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetanimator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qabstractslider_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetaction_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qscroller_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/complexwidgets_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qaccessiblemenu_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.3/QtWidgets/private/qtreewidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabBarBaseV2        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFileIconProvider               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFrameV2             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractGraphicsShapeItem      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlayoutitem.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QListWidgetItem                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemEditorFactory              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPushButton                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWhatsThis                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QButtonGroup                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QProgressBar                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsRotation               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfilesystemmodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscrollbar.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractscrollarea.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtreeview.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLayout                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionGroupBox            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGridLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfocusframe.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionDockWidgetV2        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractspinbox.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsgridlayout.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractItemDelegate           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFontComboBox                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsPathItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMenu                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsGridLayout             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qerrormessage.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsObject                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qkeysequenceedit.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolBar             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicstransform.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStylePlugin                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QComboBox                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneMouseEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableWidgetSelectionRange      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSpacerItem                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwizard.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qinputdialog.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractslider.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTapGesture                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSystemTrayIcon                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStatusBar                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstylepainter.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAccessibleWidget               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtoolbar.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDateTimeEdit                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionGraphicsItem        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneMoveEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoCommand                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeWidget                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractitemdelegate.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtextedit.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qrubberband.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscrollarea.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGestureEvent                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneDragDropEvent     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolBoxV2           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdialogbuttonbox.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStylePainter                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QColorDialog                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgroupbox.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolBox             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsizegrip.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfileiconprovider.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyledItemDelegate             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QInputDialog                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFocusRect           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmenu.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleHintReturnMask            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionSizeGrip            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabWidgetFrameV2    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmacnativewidget_mac.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTitleBar            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QShortcut                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLayoutItem             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoGroup                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qformlayout.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qaccessiblewidget.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScrollerProperties             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qundoview.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfiledialog.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdesktopwidget.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtwidgetsversion.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QListWidget                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionSlider              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidget                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDataWidgetMapper               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLabel                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QApplication                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabWidgetFrame      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetData                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qprogressdialog.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionComboBox            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionDockWidget          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMacCocoaViewContainer          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractSpinBox                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtextbrowser.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtoolbutton.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractSlider                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetItem                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionSpinBox             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLinearLayout           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdial.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSwipeGesture                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsAnchor                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSizeGrip                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolBox                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCommandLinkButton              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsscene.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPlainTextEdit                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicslinearlayout.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QRadioButton                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionRubberBand          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwhatsthis.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMdiArea                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTabWidget                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcolordialog.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qaction.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetAction                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWizardPage                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMainWindow                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qpushbutton.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsRectItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemEditorCreator              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsView                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmaccocoaviewcontainer_mac.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicswidget.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDialog                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsizepolicy.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsystemtrayicon.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAction                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolButton                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlabel.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleHintReturn                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtablewidget.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlayout.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSplitterHandle                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicslayout.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPanGesture                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoStack                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyleditemdelegate.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyleplugin.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qprogressbar.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneWheelEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScrollArea                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFocusFrame                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoView                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwidgetaction.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qslider.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTextEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItemV4          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscrollerproperties.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtooltip.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QHeaderView                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qundostack.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFontDialog                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlistview.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QColormap                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMouseEventTransition           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSplashScreen                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsplashscreen.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractScrollArea             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLineEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcommonstyle.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsview.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLayoutItem                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QKeyEventTransition             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlineedit.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtabwidget.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmainwindow.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtwidgets-config.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdatawidgetmapper.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsItemGroup              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolBar                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionComplex             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSimpleTextItem         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsItem                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSpinBox                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QOpenGLWidget                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qradiobutton.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMessageBox                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneHelpEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcalendarwidget.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsPolygonItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/QtThemeSupportVersion      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/QtThemeSupport             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qstatusnotifieritemadaptor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qxdgnotificationproxy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenuconnection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenuregistrarproxy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenubar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenuadaptor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbustrayicon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusplatformmenu_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenutypes_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbustraytypes_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qabstractfileiconengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.3/QtThemeSupport/private/qgenericunixthemes_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/QtThemeSupportDepends      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/qtthemesupportversion.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentrun.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentthreadengine.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentFilter           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentstoredfunctioncall.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentiteratekernel.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentmapkernel.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentexception.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentMap              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrent_global.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentmap.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentcompilertest.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentVersion          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentreducekernel.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentfilterkernel.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentfilter.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentfunctionwrappers.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentDepends          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentmedian.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentversion.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentrunbase.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentRun              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qglxnativecontext.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QCocoaNativeContext     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QtPlatformHeaders       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qlinuxfbfunctions.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QtPlatformHeadersVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qwaylandwindowfunctions.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qxcbscreenfunctions.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QEglFSFunctions         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QGLXNativeContext       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qcocoanativecontext.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QPlatformHeaderHelper   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QWGLNativeContext       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qeglnativecontext.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QWindowsWindowFunctions qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QXcbScreenFunctions     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QLinuxFbFunctions       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QWaylandWindowFunctions qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QXcbWindowFunctions     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qcocoawindowfunctions.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qeglfsfunctions.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QCocoaWindowFunctions   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qwglnativecontext.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QtPlatformHeadersDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qtplatformheadersversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QEGLNativeContext       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qwindowswindowfunctions.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qxcbwindowfunctions.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qplatformheaderhelper.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/QtServiceSupport         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/QtServiceSupportVersion  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/qtservicesupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/5.15.3/QtServiceSupport/private/qgenericunixservices_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/QtServiceSupportDepends  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/QtDeviceDiscoverySupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.3/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_udev_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.3/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_static_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.3/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.3/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_dummy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/qtdevicediscoverysupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/QtDeviceDiscoverySupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/QtFbSupportVersion            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/QtFbSupport                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.3/QtFbSupport/private/qfbscreen_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.3/QtFbSupport/private/qfbcursor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.3/QtFbSupport/private/qfbbackingstore_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.3/QtFbSupport/private/qfbvthandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.3/QtFbSupport/private/qfbwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/qtfbsupportversion.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/QtFbSupportDepends            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QtInputSupportVersion      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/qtinputsupportversion.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QtInputSupport             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtouchmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevmousehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtouchhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevkeyboardhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevmousemanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtablethandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevkeyboardmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/devicehandlerlist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputtouch_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtabletmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qtslib_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputkeyboard_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qtouchoutputmapping_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevkeyboard_defaultmap_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtouchfilter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputpointer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qxkbcommon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.3/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevutil_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QtInputSupportDepends      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/qintegrityhidmanager.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QIntegrityHIDManager       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/qtedidsupportversion.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/QtEdidSupportDepends        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/5.15.3/QtEdidSupport/private/qedidvendortable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/5.15.3/QtEdidSupport/private/qedidparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/QtEdidSupport               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/QtEdidSupportVersion        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtZlib/zlib.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtZlib/zconf.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslPreSharedKeyAuthenticator   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkdiskcache.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkConfiguration           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkRequest                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslSocket                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDtls                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkDiskCache               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslconfiguration.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslcipher.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkaccessmanager.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSsl                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslellipticcurve.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkcookie.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkCookie                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkAddressEntry            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslCipher                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtnetworkglobal.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QtNetworkDepends                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QPasswordDigestor               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkinterface.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhstspolicy.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QOcspResponse                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtcpsocket.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslcertificate.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qpassworddigestor.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslDiffieHellmanParameters     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHttpMultiPart                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QLocalServer                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkdatagram.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QAbstractNetworkCache           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSctpServer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QtNetworkVersion                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkProxy                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkDatagram                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QTcpServer                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkCacheMetaData           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkProxyQuery              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qssldiffiehellmanparameters.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkreply.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHstsPolicy                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhttpmultipart.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkCookieJar               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QUdpSocket                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworksession.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qabstractsocket.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslsocket.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhostaddress.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSctpSocket                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHostInfo                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qwindowscarootfetcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnativesocketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qurlinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/http2streams_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhsts_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessbackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplyhttpimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessauthenticationmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qtcpsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkrequest_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworksession_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkcookie_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qocsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccesscachebackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkreply_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsctpserver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qftp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkconfiguration_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsharednetworksession_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkdatagram_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslcontext_openssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_openssl_symbols_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/huffman_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qbearerengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qdnslookup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qtcpserver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qlocalserver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessfilebackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkrequest_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkcookiejar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkconfigmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qabstractprotocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsocks5socketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkdiskcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/hpacktable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnet_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkinterface_uikit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkinterface_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qtnetwork-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessdebugpipebackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslcipher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qocspresponse_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsctpsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhostaddress_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qabstractsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qspdyprotocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qlocalsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplyimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpthreaddelegate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qdtls_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qasn1element_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkheader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccesscache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetconmonitor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslkey_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpprotocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_winrt_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplyfileimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplydataimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslconfiguration_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qdtls_openssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkconnectionchannel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslcertificate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessftpbackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhostinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkfile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qssldiffiehellmanparameters_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreply_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/bitstreams_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qauthenticator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttp2protocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_openssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhstsstore_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/http2frames_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qabstractsocketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpmultipart_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qabstractnetworkcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/http2protocol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpsocketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_schannel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/hpack_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_mac_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslcertificateextension_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnativesocketengine_winrt_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qsslpresharedkeyauthenticator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qtnetworkglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qbearerplugin_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplywasmimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.3/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkconnection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslKey                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkSession                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkproxy.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsDomainNameRecord            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtnetwork-config.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslerror.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtnetworkversion.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslEllipticCurve               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QtNetwork                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsTextRecord                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkrequest.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/Q_IPV6ADDR                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkProxyFactory            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qauthenticator.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkcookiejar.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsHostAddressRecord           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qlocalserver.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qssl.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkconfiguration.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsctpserver.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhttp2configuration.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkReply                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtcpserver.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslCertificate                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QAbstractSocket                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslcertificateextension.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qocspresponse.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHttpPart                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkAccessManager           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsMailExchangeRecord          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslkey.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QLocalSocket                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHostAddress                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDtlsClientVerifier             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qabstractnetworkcache.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslConfiguration               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QIPv6Address                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHttp2Configuration             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsctpsocket.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkconfigmanager.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qdtls.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QAuthenticator                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslpresharedkeyauthenticator.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslCertificateExtension        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qlocalsocket.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QTcpSocket                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslError                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsLookup                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhostinfo.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsServiceRecord               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qdnslookup.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkConfigurationManager    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkInterface               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qudpsocket.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qeventloop.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamEntityDeclarations       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborStreamWriter                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtimeline.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Q_STARTUPINFO                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qversiontagging.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic_msvc.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringLiteral                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstatemachine.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractstate.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSysInfo                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedDataPointer                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAtomicInteger                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVarLengthArray                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEnableSharedFromThis              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEventTransition                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qeasingcurve.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapNodeBase                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSaveFile                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qarraydataops.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcommandlineparser.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qreadwritelock.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbasictimer.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayList                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextStreamFunction                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QGenericReturnArgument             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsequentialanimationgroup.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbasicatomic.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringAlgorithms                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfunctions_winrt.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborarray.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsortfilterproxymodel.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QNoDebug                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcompilerdetection.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtMessageHandler                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegExp                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableStringListIterator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qgenericatomic.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLine                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEventLoop                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborParserError                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsignalmapper.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUrlQuery                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariant                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayListIterator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFlag                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/quuid.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmimedata.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSize                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QExplicitlySharedDataPointer       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qnumeric.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfile.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Q_PID                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdatastream.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCoreVersion                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QProcess                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringlistmodel.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QContiguousCacheData               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureInterfaceBase               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantHash                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qoperatingsystemversion.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmetaobject.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QContiguousCache                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsystemdetection.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashFunctions                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedPointer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QContiguousCacheTypedData          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTemporaryFile                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractListModel                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringliteral.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMessageLogger                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextStream                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfunctions_nacl.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsharedpointer_impl.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvarlengtharray.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWriteLocker                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamWriter                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlibraryinfo.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qanimationgroup.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUrl                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qendian.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRect                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDirIterator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThreadPool                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableMapIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureWatcher                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbytearray.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedData                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAtomicInt                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedListNode                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobjectcleanuphandler.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsonvalue.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVector                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTime                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfunctions_vxworks.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfiledevice.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamReader                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborstreamreader.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaProperty                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qscopedvaluerollback.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborstream.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopeGuard                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsondocument.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBasicTimer                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDebugStateSaver                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerDeleter              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSocketDescriptor                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBitRef                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMimeData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFactoryInterface                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmath.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectData                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtransposeproxymodel.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIdentityProxyModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QGenericArgument                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qxmlstream.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHash                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtNumeric                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtEndian                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlogging.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThreadStorage                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvector.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qhashfunctions.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsonarray.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractitemmodel.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlockfile.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCache                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPoint                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedListData                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFinalState                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdebug.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qthread.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qglobal.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpair.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableSetIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsystemsemaphore.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileSystemWatcher                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerObjectDeleteLater    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qprocessordetection.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qiterator.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDataStream                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobjectdefs.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStandardPaths                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMargins                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRectF                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtAlgorithms                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLatin1Literal                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBuffer                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArrayData                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfileinfo.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qchar.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDebug                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTransposeProxyModel               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractAnimation                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableLinkedListIterator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsize.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtypeinfo.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qurlquery.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcontiguouscache.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcbormap.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayMatcher                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWinEventNotifier                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCommandLineOption                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBitArray                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMultiHash                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapData                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedListIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRandomGenerator64                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfutureinterface.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAtomicPointer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcontainertools_impl.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtDebug                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QString                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qregularexpression.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtMath                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qelapsedtimer.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLittleEndianStorageType           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLatin1String                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qalgorithms.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtimer.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerArrayDeleter         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcryptographichash.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFloat16                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapIterator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArray                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSettings                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayDataPtr                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNamespaceDeclaration     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QModelIndex                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticStringData                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qconfig-bootstrapped.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDeadlineTimer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureIterator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qhistorystate.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEvent                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMimeDatabase                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArgument                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMultiMap                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSignalTransition                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerPodDeleter           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteRef                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmimedatabase.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantComparisonHelper           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qplugin.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qset.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpropertyanimation.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtcoreversion.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSemaphoreReleaser                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureInterface                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFuture                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValueRefPtr                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Q_SECURITY_ATTRIBUTES              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstandardpaths.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringBuilder                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlibrary.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticPlugin                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimerEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringmatcher.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdiriterator.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qiodevice.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbytearraylist.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMap                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPointF                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBEInteger                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSocketNotifier                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlocale.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObject                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfilesystemwatcher.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QGlobalStatic                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVectorIterator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThread                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qscopeguard.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qshareddata.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileInfoList                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsavefile.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCommandLineParser                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNotationDeclaration      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtMsgHandler                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbuffer.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtConfig                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtimezone.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic_cxx11.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qline.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstring.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonObject                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qloggingcategory.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlocking_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qunicodetables_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtldurl_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcollator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfutex_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsimd_x86_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstracteventdispatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmilankoviccalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qstatemachine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmetaobject_moc_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimemagicrulematcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qoperatingsystemversion_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qwindowspipereader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlogging_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimedatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qwindowspipewriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qparallelanimationgroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcoreapplication_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtrace_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlocale_tools_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcorecmdlineargs_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjni_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcore_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdataurl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsignaltransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qppsattribute_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventtransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_fsevents_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qunicodetools_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdir_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcalendarmath_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qthread_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstracttransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qwineventnotifier_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qreadwritelock_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qstdweb_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsystemerror_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsystemsemaphore_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qgregoriancalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtranslator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qwinregistry_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbytearray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfinalstate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcborcommon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstractstate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcalendarbackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmakearray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qorderedmutexlocker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qstringiterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimetypeparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeucjpcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfile_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_winrt_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimeglobpattern_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlatincodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfreelist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbinaryjsonarray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlocale_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtransposeproxymodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qpropertyanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjson_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstractitemmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qstate_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qharfbuzz_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtimerinfo_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qobject_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qrandom_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstractanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qwaitcondition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qconfig_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/cp949codetbl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystementry_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qoperatingsystemversion_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemmetadata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtextstream_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjsonparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qt_pch.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeuckrcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsharedmemory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qpoll_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qurltlds_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qelfparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/minimum-linux_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfileinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qnoncontiguousbytedevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfunctions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qiconvcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtimezoneprivate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjpunicode_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qhooks_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qplugin_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfutureinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qscopedpointer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcore_mac_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qicucodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qthreadpool_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmachparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbinaryjsonvalue_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlibrary_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjsonwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbig5codec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlockfile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdatetimeparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_inotify_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qutfcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdebug_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjnihelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qromancalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstractfileengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtimezoneprivate_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsequentialanimationgroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qhijricalendar_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qduplicatetracker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimetype_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qstringalgorithms_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qromancalendar_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmetatypeswitcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsavefile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qiodevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qurl_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdatetime_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtcore-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdoublescanprint_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qppsobjectprivate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qvariantanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfuturewatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfsfileengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcfsocketnotifier_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimemagicrule_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmemory_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcoreglobaldata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_glib_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjalalicalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qwindowscodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbytedata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qitemselectionmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfactoryloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qgb18030codec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjuliancalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qprocess_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdatastream_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qoffsetstringarray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qxmlutils_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qislamiccivilcalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qloggingregistry_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmimeprovider_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbinaryjson_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qisciicodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qlocale_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qvariant_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsignaleventgenerator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemiterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmetatype_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qnumeric_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qstorageinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qresource_iterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qglobal_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfileselector_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsimplecodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qxmlstream_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsystemlibrary_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qcborvalue_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_cf_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtextcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjiscodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtsciicodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qhijricalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qresource_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtools_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qtemporaryfile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qipaddress_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qanimationgroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qeventloop_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmutex_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qppsattributeprivate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsimd_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qdeadlinetimer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qendian_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsettings_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfunctions_fake_env_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfsfileengine_iterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qringbuffer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qmetaobjectbuilder_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_kqueue_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qsjiscodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qjalalicalendar_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfiledevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qbinaryjsonobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_polling_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qhistorystate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qabstractproxymodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.3/QtCore/private/qppsobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableByteArrayListIterator      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdir.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDeferredDeleteEvent               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QQueue                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaMethod                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmessageauthenticationcode.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbytearraymatcher.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QItemSelectionModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Qt                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringMatcher                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimer                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamAttribute                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsettings.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborError                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QItemSelectionRange                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtranslator.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSequentialAnimationGroup          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qconcatenatetablesproxymodel.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstracttransition.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtcore-config.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamAttributes               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringalgorithms.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfileselector.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qresource.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMarginsF                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantList                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlist.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractanimation.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpauseanimation.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborMap                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValueRef                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaType                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEventLoopLocker                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextDecoder                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QItemSelection                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qresultstore.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QListSpecialMethods                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborArray                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QListIterator                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvariantanimation.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpointer.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfloat16.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QProcessEnvironment                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfuturewatcher.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFlags                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractTableModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QConcatenateTablesProxyModel       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qurl.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArrayDataPointer                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringDataPtr                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegularExpression                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCborCommon                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtPluginInstanceFunction           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborvalue.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsharedmemory.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringview.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaEnum                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtypetraits.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qexception.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureWatcherBase                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractProxyModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegularExpressionMatch            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCoreDepends                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcoreapplication.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringData                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsignaltransition.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectCleanupHandler              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstorageinfo.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileDevice                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsocketnotifier.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLockFile                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCore                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qt_windows.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QOperatingSystemVersion            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qwineventnotifier.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArrayDataPointerRef               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringbuilder.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashDummyValue                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSetIterator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpluginloader.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimeZone                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutex                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractproxymodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextStreamManipulator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableVectorIterator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPersistentModelIndex              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileSelector                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QInternal                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcommandlineoption.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableFutureIterator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFile                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsonobject.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractEventDispatcher           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEasingCurve                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qthreadstorage.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QNonConstOverload                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThreadStorageData                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringListModel                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDir                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmargins.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrunnable.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashNode                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QConstOverload                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSignalMapper                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAnimationDriver                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractItemModel                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QModelIndexList                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractState                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamStringRef                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qarraydata.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractTransition                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTypeInfoMerger                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimeLine                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvariant.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QReturnArgument                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtPlugin                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamEntityResolver           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsysinfo.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCollatorSortKey                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonArray                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTemporaryDir                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtGlobal                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qconfig.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDateTime                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QKeyValueIterator                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcache.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobject_impl.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstack.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTranslator                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCollator                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qthreadpool.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QChar                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCalendar                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapDataBase                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qwaitcondition.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstate.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextEncoder                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNotationDeclarations     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAssociativeIterable               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborValue                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qparallelanimationgroup.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdatetime.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrefcount.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstracteventdispatcher.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfuturesynchronizer.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qregexp.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBigEndianStorageType              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborStreamReader                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLEInteger                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsemaphore.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamEntityDeclaration        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPauseAnimation                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileInfo                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfactoryinterface.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegularExpressionMatchIterator    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfinalstate.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringListIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedValueRollback               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qprocess.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextBoundaryFinder                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticByteArrayData               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableHashIterator               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborValueRef                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTypeInfoQuery                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValue                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableListIterator               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMimeType                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborcommon.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedMemory                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLoggingCategory                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCoreApplication                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSet                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCharRef                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUnhandledException                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIncompatibleFlag                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonDocument                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QElapsedTimer                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRandomGenerator                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaObject                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpoint.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qidentityproxymodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIODevice                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmetatype.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPair                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qhash.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonParseError                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWeakPointer                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic_bootstrap.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtextcodec.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRecursiveMutex                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtestsupport_core.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCleanUpFunction                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTypeInfo                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qglobalstatic.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmimetype.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAnimationGroup                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutexLocker                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMessageLogContext                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSystemSemaphore                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QReadLocker                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextCodec                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcontainerfwd.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qisenum.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtextstream.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantMap                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qversionnumber.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLocale                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticByteArrayMatcherBase        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcalendar.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrect.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QReadWriteLock                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHistoryState                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QListData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qnamespace.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbitarray.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStack                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapNode                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobject.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticArrayData                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRunnable                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSignalBlocker                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDate                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qarraydatapointer.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStateMachine                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSpecialInteger                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsharedpointer.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QChildEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantAnimation                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrandom.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPluginMetaData                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaClassInfo                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborstreamwriter.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QParallelAnimationGroup            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdeadlinetimer.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtextboundaryfinder.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QList                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashIterator                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWaitCondition                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSortFilterProxyModel              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVersionNumber                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcoreevent.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qitemselectionmodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStorageInfo                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerDeleteLater          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtContainerFwd                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLibraryInfo                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qscopedpointer.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUrlTwoFlags                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlinkedlist.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLibrary                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qflags.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmap.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringRef                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLatin1Char                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCryptographicHash                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSizeF                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSequentialIterable                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringlist.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcollator.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSemaphore                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmutex.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPropertyAnimation                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtemporarydir.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qqueue.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIntegerForSize                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectUserData                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBasicMutex                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValuePtr                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QException                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qeventtransition.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNamespaceDeclarations    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QResource                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPointer                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFunctionPointer                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedArrayPointer                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringView                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QState                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureSynchronizer                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtemporaryfile.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtPluginMetaDataFunction           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDynamicPropertyChangeEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractNativeEventFilter         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractnativeeventfilter.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobjectdefs_impl.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayData                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLineF                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPluginLoader                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfuture.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUuid                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMessageAuthenticationCode         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRecord                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qtsql-config.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSql                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriver                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriverPlugin                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QtSqlDepends                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qtsqlglobal.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriverCreatorBase               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qtsqlversion.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDatabase                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriverCreator                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRelationalDelegate              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlTableModel                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlquerymodel.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlrecord.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsql.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlResult                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qsqlnulldriver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qsqldriver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qsqlcachedresult_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qtsqlglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qsqlquerymodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qsqlresult_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qsqltablemodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.3/QtSql/private/qtsql-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlerror.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlrelationaltablemodel.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlresult.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqldriver.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlIndex                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlfield.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QtSql                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqltablemodel.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QtSqlVersion                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlError                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlindex.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqldatabase.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlquery.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlrelationaldelegate.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlQueryModel                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRelationalTableModel            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRelation                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqldriverplugin.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlField                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlQuery                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlDeclHandler                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qtxmlversion.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlNamespaceSupport                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QtXmlVersion                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomEntityReference                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlAttributes                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QtXmlDepends                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomCharacterData                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlParseException                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomElement                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlErrorHandler                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNodeList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomDocument                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.3/QtXml/private/qtxml-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.3/QtXml/private/qdom_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.3/QtXml/private/qdomhelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.3/QtXml/private/qxml_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qtxml-config.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlEntityResolver                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlSimpleReader                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlDTDHandler                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlLocator                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomDocumentFragment                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qdom.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlInputSource                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlContentHandler                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomAttr                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomText                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qtxmlglobal.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomComment                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomDocumentType                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QtXml                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomImplementation                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qxml.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlReader                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNode                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomEntity                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlLexicalHandler                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlDefaultHandler                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomProcessingInstruction           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNotation                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomCDATASection                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNamedNodeMap                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPolygon                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QEnterEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_1                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleValueInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpaintdevice.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextDocumentFragment               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcolorspace.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDragEnterEvent                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrawfont.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTableFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontMetricsF                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QColorTransform                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextcursor.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextCursorEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qscreen.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGuiApplication                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessible                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimage.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTableInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QHideEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageReader                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconEngine                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextdocument.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGenericMatrix                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QLinearGradient                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleActionInterface          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtestsupport_gui.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_2                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qgenericpluginfactory.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QCloseEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QContextMenuEvent                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QExposeEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWindowStateChangeEvent             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsyntaxhighlighter.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_2.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_4_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qiconengine.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAbstractTextDocumentLayout         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix2x4                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStandardItem                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsurfaceformat.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrgba64.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QHoverEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPainterPath                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_2_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrasterwindow.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPen                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintEngine                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcolor.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLDebugMessage                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QClipboard                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_3_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_1                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_1_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtouchdevice.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBrush                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFormat                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimagereader.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIntValidator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRasterWindow                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_2_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_5_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglextrafunctions.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpdfwriter.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRegularExpressionValidator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintDevice                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDoubleValidator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix4x2                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLVertexArrayObject            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPalette                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvector4d.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVector2D                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanInfoVector                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRegExpValidator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qstylehints.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputMethod                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_5_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglvertexarrayobject.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTexture                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QShortcutEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextObject                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPolygonF                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qoffscreensurface.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpolygon.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconDragEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageIOHandler                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWhatsThisClickedEvent              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglframebufferobject.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcolortransform.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpaintengine.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_2_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_1_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextDocument                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextUpdateEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtguiglobal.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qclipboard.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_0_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanInstance                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_4_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGradientStops                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qmatrix.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextInsertEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qglyphrun.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStandardItemModel                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_0_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpagedpaintdevice.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPagedPaintDevice                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpalette.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_5_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPainter                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextInterface            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextdocumentfragment.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLShader                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_0.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextRemoveEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlock                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_5.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDropEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctionsPrivate             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QValidator                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGradient                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTabletEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtGuiVersion                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIcon                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTable                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_3_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessiblePlugin                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglpaintdevice.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_2_1                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGradientStop                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconEngineV2                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_4                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWindow                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_1_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_es2.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qmovie.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconEnginePlugin                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qdrag.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImage                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qbackingstore.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDragLeaveEvent                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLVersionFunctions             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBrushData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QKeySequence                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFileOpenEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QToolBarChangeEvent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleEvent                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_1.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtGuiDepends                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessibleobject.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontDatabase                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_ES2                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengltextureblitter.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFragment                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglpixeltransferoptions.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLExtraFunctions               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QKeyEvent                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDesktopServices                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlockUserData                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_1_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QActionEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QCursor                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qbrush.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvalidator.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpagelayout.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvulkanwindow.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextList                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextOption                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSessionManager                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScrollPrepareEvent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLContextGroup                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfont.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLPixelTransferOptions         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformfontdatabase.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsystemtrayicon.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformintegration.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformthemeplugin.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformscreen_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontext.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformmenu.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformintegrationfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsurface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformdialoghelper.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformpixmap.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qwindowsysteminterface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformvulkaninstance.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontextplugin_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformscreen.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformbackingstore.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformaccessibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformthemefactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformdrag.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformclipboard.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformtheme_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformgraphicsbuffer.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformservices.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformwindow.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformcursor.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformoffscreensurface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsharedgraphicscache.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformnativeinterface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformintegrationplugin.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformopenglcontext.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontextfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformgraphicsbufferhelper.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformtheme.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qwindowsysteminterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsessionmanager.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdrawingprimitive_sse2_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qkeymapper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextdocumentlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qlayoutpolicy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_blitter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolormatrix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qhighdpiscaling_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qt_gui_pch.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglqueryhelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhid3d11_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qoutlinemapper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_pic_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qwindow_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshadergraphloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolorspace_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfont_p.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_neon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhiprofiler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qaccessiblecache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglengineshadersource_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengl_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcssparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qxbmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglpaintdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengl2pexvertexarray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpaintengineex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qvectorpath_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qstatictext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qabstractlayoutstyleinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhi_p_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qbmphandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qinputdevicemanager_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhid3d11_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtouchdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolortrc_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglpaintengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qgridlayoutengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_x86_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpixmap_raster_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qt_mips_asm_dsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextodfwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcosmeticstroker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengltextureuploader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qicc_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextureglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshadergenerator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhivulkan_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrbtree_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshaderlanguage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglcustomshaderstage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qvulkanwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhigles2_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qemulationpaintengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextformat_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/cs_tdr_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolortransfertable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengltextureglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhinull_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtguiglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhi_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglcontext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolortransferfunction_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfontengine_qpf2_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qinternalmimedata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qzipwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshadergraph_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtriangulator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qvulkanfunctions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qstroker_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qppmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhiprofiler_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglextensions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolortransform_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglframebufferobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qscreen_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpainter_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshaderformat_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpathsimplifier_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qkeysequence_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextdocument_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qstandarditemmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_mips_dsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpixmapcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshaderdescription_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtexthtmlparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglprogrambinarycache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglshadercache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qguiapplication_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qharfbuzzng_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qastchandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdnd_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcursor_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qinputdevicemanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshapedpixmapdndwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_raster_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglengineshadermanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qiconloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfontsubset_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtexturefilereader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qhexstring_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshadernode_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshortcutmap_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtexturefilehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpkmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrasterizer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qevent_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshaderdescription_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfixed_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtexturefiledata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshadernodeport_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglvertexarrayobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolortrclut_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qxpmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrgba64_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextcursor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpicture_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpixmap_blitter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qimagereaderwriterhelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qimage_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qblendfunctions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhinull_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpainterpath_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextmarkdownimporter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrawfont_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qblittable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshader_p_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengltexturecache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qbezier_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtgui-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshadernodesloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qimagescale_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qmemrotate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdistancefield_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcolor_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhivulkanext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhimetal_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qsessionmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpolygonclipper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtriangulatingstroker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengltexturehelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhimetal_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrasterdefs_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qshader_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qabstracttextdocumentlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcoregraphics_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qinputmethod_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qcssutil_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpaintdevicewindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfontengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglgradientcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpagedpaintdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtexttable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qdatabuffer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextmarkdownwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfragmentmap_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpnghandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhivulkan_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qmath_p.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextdocumentfragment_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qinputcontrol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpathclipper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qtextimagehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopenglversionfunctionsfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpdf_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qgrayraster_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qsimpledrag_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qicon_p.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qwasmlocalfileaccess_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qglyphrun_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qktxhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qopengltexture_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qfontengineglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qrhigles2_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qpen_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qzipreader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.3/QtGui/private/qimagepixmapcleanuphooks_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpainter.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontMetrics                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix3x4                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_3                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleInterface                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFramebufferObject            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_2_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpixmap.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpictureformatplugin.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_3.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleEditableTextInterface    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextCursor                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlockGroup                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_3_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWidgetSet                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfontmetrics.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScrollEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qstandarditemmodel.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGenericPluginFactory               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRgb                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfontinfo.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qgenericplugin.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPageLayout                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglshaderprogram.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qwindow.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix4x3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRawFont                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPixelFormat                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qbitmap.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_2_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDragMoveEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBackingStore                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpixelformat.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengl.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTouchDevice                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSurface                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextLength                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTableModelChangeEvent    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_4.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextSelectionEvent       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSurfaceFormat                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglcontext.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qkeysequence.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleImageInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTransform                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLWindow                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPageSize                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglbuffer.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPixmap                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRgba64                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qevent.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvector3d.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAbstractUndoItem                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageWriter                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglwindow.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMoveEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStatusTipEvent                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_0_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_0                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageCleanupFunction               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_0                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTableCellInterface       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qquaternion.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_0.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_3_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpixmapcache.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanFunctions                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QApplicationStateChangeEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qabstracttextdocumentlayout.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix3x2                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWidgetMapper                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qgenericmatrix.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextInlineObject                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextlayout.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRadialGradient                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGlyphRun                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpagesize.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimageiohandler.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengldebug.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWidgetList                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFocusEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPixmapCache                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglversionfunctions.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextImageFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageIOPlugin                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtransform.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsessionmanager.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix2x3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglext.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtEvents                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPictureFormatPlugin                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvulkanfunctions.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFrameLayoutData                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleBridge                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTableCell                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qstatictext.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLContext                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_2_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessiblebridge.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanWindowRenderer               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix3x3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFont                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qwindowdefs_win.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QResizeEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QShowEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintEngineState                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_2_0                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputMethodQueryEvent              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVector4D                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_4_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRegion                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpicture.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_3_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTimeMonitor                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScreenOrientationChangeEvent       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPointingDeviceUniqueId             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGenericPlugin                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTextureBlitter               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextoption.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_2_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qwindowdefs.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtexttable.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrgb.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qiconengineplugin.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextCharFormat                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLDebugLogger                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontInfo                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsurface.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtGui                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStaticText                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextobject.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPlatformSurfaceEvent               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTouchEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessible.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWheelEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextlist.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageTextKeyLang                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScreen                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvulkaninstance.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengltexture.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPdfWriter                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLBuffer                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvector2d.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanDeviceFunctions              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTimerQuery                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_2_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengles2ext.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLExtraFunctionsPrivate        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlockFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QConicalGradient                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QHelpEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_5_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpaintdevicewindow.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextformat.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtguiversion.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qdesktopservices.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanLayer                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOffscreenSurface                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QColorSpace                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextLine                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimagewriter.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanWindow                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextLayout                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMovie                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMouseEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDrag                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix2x2                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qregion.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QQuaternion                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleStateChangeEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFrame                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_3_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcursor.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_3_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextListFormat                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengltimerquery.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWindowList                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanExtension                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_5                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStyleHints                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix4x4                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qicon.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qguiapplication.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_1.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfontdatabase.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_0_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtgui-config.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QNativeGestureEvent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSyntaxHighlighter                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessibleplugin.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpen.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTableCellFormat                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleApplication              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextObjectInterface                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextDocumentWriter                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleBridgePlugin             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_2_1.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleValueChangeEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPainterPathStroker                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVector3D                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFramebufferObjectFormat      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_2_0.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextItem                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLVersionProfile               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPicture                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleObject                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLShaderProgram                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintDeviceWindow                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_4_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qinputmethod.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLPaintDevice                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_3_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBitmap                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QColor                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPictureIO                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFrameFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputMethodEvent                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qmatrix4x4.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextdocumentwriter.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpainterpath.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestNetwork                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtesteventloop.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtCoverageScanner                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtesttouch.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qbenchmarkmetric.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestmouse.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestKeyClicksEvent                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestEventList                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTest                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestEventLoop                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_gui.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qttestversion.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestkeyboard.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestevent.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestKeyEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/cycle_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkmetric_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestresult_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qsignaldumper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestblacklist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestelementattribute_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkevent_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/callgrind_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qjunittestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qcsvbenchmarklogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qxmltestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestcoreelement_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qxctestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestelement_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qteamcitylogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmarktimemeasurers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qplaintestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestlog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmark_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkmeasurement_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkperfevents_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestutil_macos_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/linux_perf_event_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtaptestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/valgrind_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qttestlib-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkvalgrind_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtesttable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestjunitstreamer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qappletestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtesthelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qabstracttestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.3/QtTest/private/qtestcorelist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestVersion                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestWidgets                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QSpontaneKeyEvent                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qsignalspy.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestsystem.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestDelayEvent                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QAbstractItemModelTester           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestGui                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qttestglobal.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestcase.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestaccessible.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestspontaneevent.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_network.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QEventSizeOfChecker                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_global.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestassert.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestdata.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTest                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qabstractitemmodeltester.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QSignalSpy                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_widgets.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qbenchmark.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestDepends                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestAccessibility                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestMouseEvent                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qttestlib-config.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusunixfiledescriptor.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusextratypes.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusserver.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingReplyData              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuserror.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuspendingcall.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusServiceWatcher                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusconnectioninterface.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusabstractinterface.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QtDBusDepends                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusservicewatcher.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusVariant                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qtdbusversion.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusAbstractInterfaceBase         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusUnixFileDescriptor            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusmetatype.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QtDBusVersion                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusSignature                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuspendingreply.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusmessage.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusReply                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingReply                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusargument_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusabstractadaptor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qtdbusglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusintegrator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusthreaddebug_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/dbus_minimal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbuscontext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbus_symbols_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusintrospection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusutil_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusxmlparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusconnectionmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbuspendingcall_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusconnection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusmessage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusmetatype_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusabstractinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.3/QtDBus/private/qdbusmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusargument.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusinterface.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qtdbusglobal.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusContext                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusError                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusInterface                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusabstractadaptor.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusServer                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusreply.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusvirtualobject.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusConnectionInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusmacros.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusMessage                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QtDBus                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusAbstractAdaptor               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusObjectPath                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuscontext.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusVirtualObject                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingCallWatcher            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusConnection                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusMetaType                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusAbstractInterface             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingCall                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusconnection.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusArgument                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/QtEventDispatcherSupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/qteventdispatchersupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/QtEventDispatcherSupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.3/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qwindowsguieventdispatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.3/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qunixeventdispatcher_qpa_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.3/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qeventdispatcher_glib_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.3/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qgenericunixeventdispatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/QtEventDispatcherSupport qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontengine_coretext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qcoretextfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsnativeimage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfreetypefontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontdatabase_ft_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontenginedirectwrite_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontengine_ft_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwinrtfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontenginemultifontconfig_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qgenericunixfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.3/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontconfigdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/QtFontDatabaseSupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/QtFontDatabaseSupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/qtfontdatabasesupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/QtFontDatabaseSupport qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtsensors.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtsvg.qdocconf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtlocation.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtnetworkauth.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtquickcontrols2.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtserialbus.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtdeclarative.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtquickcontrols.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebengine.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtactiveqt.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtremoteobjects.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwinextras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtserialport.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtgraphicaleffects.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtmacextras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtspeech.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtscript.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtscxml.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwayland.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtdoc.qdocconf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtmultimedia.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtxmlpatterns.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtgamepad.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtdatavis3d.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtpurchasing.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtcharts.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtx11extras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qttools.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtlottie.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtandroidextras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtconnectivity.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebview.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebsockets.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtbase.qdocconf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtimageformats.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebchannel.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qt3d.qdocconf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtvirtualkeyboard.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/config.qdocconf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/compat.qdocconf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults-online-commercial.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes/standardpath/functiondocs.qdocinc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes/module-use.qdocinc   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes/examples-run.qdocinc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-config.qdocconf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults-online.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-html-templates-online.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/macros.qdocconf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-cpp-defines.qdocconf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-footer-online.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-footer.qdocconf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-header-offline.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/manifest-meta.qdocconf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults-offline.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/external-resources.qdoc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/qtcreator.qdoc  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/qt-webpages.qdoc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/rfc.qdoc        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/horBar.png    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/blu_dot.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/page.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/sprites-combined.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-logo.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/breadcrumb.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_sq.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bgrContent.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-gradient.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/home.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/page_bg.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/arrow.png     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_up.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-dark_gradient.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_ul_blank.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/ico_note_attention.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_l.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/arrow_bc.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/btn_prev.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/spinner.gif   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_l_blank.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/arrow_down.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/ico_note.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/header_bg.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_ll_blank.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/btn_next.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_dn.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-footer-bg.jpg qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_gt.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-header-bg.jpg qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/feedbackground.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-footer_shadow.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_r.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/box_bg.png    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/ico_out.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/logo.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/offline.css    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/cookie-confirm.css qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.ttf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/offline-simple.css qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/gsc.css        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.svg    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/list_expand.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/cookiebar-x.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.woff   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/theqtcompany.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.eot    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/doc_search.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/online.css     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/list_arrow.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/scripts/main.js      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/scripts/extras.js    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites.qdocconf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes-online/search.qdoc   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-html-templates-offline.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/fileextensions.qdocconf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-html-templates-offline-simple.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-header-online.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtbase/LICENSE                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qvkgen                                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdbusxml2cpp                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/moc                                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdbuscpp2xml                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rcc                                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmake                                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/uic                                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qlalr                                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.prl                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Widgets.pc                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5DBus.pc                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5PrintSupport.pc                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Sql.pc                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Concurrent.pc                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Network.pc                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Test.pc                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Gui.pc                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Xml.pc                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Core.pc                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5.15                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EventDispatcherSupport.prl              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so.5.15.7                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5.15.7                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.a                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FontDatabaseSupport.prl                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.prl                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5.15                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.prl                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so.5.15                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5.15                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.prl                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5.15.7                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.so.5                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FbSupport.prl                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Core.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DeviceDiscoverySupport.a                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XkbCommonSupport.prl                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/qplatformdefs.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/qmake.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/Info.plist.dSYM.in        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/Info.plist.app            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-icc/Info.plist.lib            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qdevice.pri                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hpuxi-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hpuxi-g++-64/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/lynxos-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/lynxos-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qconfig.pri                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/dummy/qmake.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv8-rcar/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv8-rcar/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-32/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-32/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-qcc/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-qcc/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-g++/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-g++/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-lsb-g++/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-lsb-g++/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/wasm-emscripten/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/wasm-emscripten/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64-stlport/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64-stlport/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc-k1om/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc-k1om/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2017/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-icc/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-aarch64-gnu-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-aarch64-gnu-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/android-clang/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/android-clang/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2019/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2019/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm64-msvc2017/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/netbsd-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/netbsd-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-64/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-64/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/qplatformdefs.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/qmake.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/Info.plist.dSYM.in        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/Info.plist.app            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-g++/Info.plist.lib            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-arm-gnueabi-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-arm-gnueabi-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2017/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-64/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-g++/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-g++/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++-64/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/default.xcscheme        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/QtTest.plist            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-xcode/WorkspaceSettings.xcsettings qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-k1om/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-k1om/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-32/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-icc-32/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/sanitizer.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_targets.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/gc_binaries.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/yacc.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/designer_defines.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_build_paths.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ctest_testcase.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/xctest.prf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_docs_targets.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmltestcase.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/create_cmake.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_build_extra.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_tracepoints.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/configure_base.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_configure.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/incredibuild_xge.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/build_pass.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_module.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/plugin_bundle.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uic.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_clear_installs.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_module_pris.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_test_helper.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/lrelease.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_installs.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/configure.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qml_debug.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt.prf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/use_c_linker.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/cmake_functions.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_tool.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/cmdline.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wasm/wasm.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wasm/default_pre.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wasm/emcc_ver.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/coverage.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resources_functions.prf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_config.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/spec_post.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/default_pre.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/static_runtime.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/declarative_debug.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/hide_symbols.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11lib.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/thread.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/bsymbolic_functions.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11inc.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/opengl.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/ccache.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/x11sm.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/largefile.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unix/separate_debug_info.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/gcov.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qml_module.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/configure.json       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/testserver/docker-compose-common.yml qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/testserver/Dockerfile qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/macros.cpp           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/unix/findclasslist.pl qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/mac/objc_namespace.sh qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/dummy.cpp            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/dumpvcvars.bat       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5BasicConfig.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5ConfigVersion.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5PluginTarget.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/ExtraSourceIncludes.cmake.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/data/cmake/Qt5ImportPlugin.cpp.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exceptions_off.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_app.prf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/no_warn_empty_obj_files.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/asset_catalogs.prf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/objective_c.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/default_pre.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/sdk.mk                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/sdk.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/mac.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/toolchain.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/default_post.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/unsupported/objc_namespace.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/mac/rez.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/rtti_off.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/toolchain.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_build_config.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resolve_target.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/gc_binaries.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/device_destinations.sh qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/xcodebuild.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/qt.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/bitcode.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/devices.py          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/default_pre.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/sdk.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/exclusive_builds_post.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/xcodebuild.mk       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/testcase_targets.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/default_post.prf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/qt_parts.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/watchos_coretext.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/testcase.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/uikit/resolve_config.prf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/vxworks.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_docs.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_android_deps.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exclusive_builds_post.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/lex.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/benchmark.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/precompile_header.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_module_headers.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_helper_lib.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/metatypes.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/rtti.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testcase_targets.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/egl.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exceptions.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/wayland-scanner.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/include_source_dir.prf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ctest_testcase_installed.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_common.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testcocoon.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/default_post.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmake_use.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_parts.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/warn_off.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/windeployqt.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/idcidl.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/stl.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/dumpcpp.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/default_pre.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/qt_dll.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/msvc_mp.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/opengl.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/stl_off.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/console.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/windows_vulkan_sdk.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/separate_debug_info.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/win32/windows.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/dbusadaptors.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/unsupported/testserver.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/moc.prf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/java.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resources.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/dbusinterfaces.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/warn_on.prf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qgltf.prf                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/spec_pre.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/link_ltcg.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_functions.prf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/silent.prf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/file_copies.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testcase.prf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/exclusive_builds.prf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qml_plugin.prf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qlalr.prf                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/resolve_config.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_prefix_build_check.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/winrt/default_pre.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/winrt/package_manifest.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/winrt/console.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/no_debug_info.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ltcg.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_example_installs.prf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/ctest_testcase_common.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/simd.prf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/android.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/android_deployment_settings.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/spec_post.prf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/default_pre.prf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/sdk.prf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/resolve_target.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/android/resolve_config.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/device_config.prf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/testlib_defines.prf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/dbuscommon.pri            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/link_pkgconfig.prf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qt_plugin.prf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-llvm/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-llvm/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2015/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2015/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-aarch64le-qcc/qplatformdefs.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-aarch64le-qcc/qmake.conf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/qplatformdefs.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/qmake.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/Info.plist.app     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-tvos-clang/Info.plist.lib     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-64/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-64-qcc/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-x86-64-qcc/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.dSYM.in      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.app          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.disable_highdpi qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-clang/Info.plist.lib          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-g++/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-g++/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-odroid-xu3-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-odroid-xu3-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-snowball-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-snowball-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-generic-clang/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-generic-clang/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx6-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx6-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-drive-cx-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-drive-cx-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-beagleboard-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-beagleboard-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-hisilicon-hix5hd2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-hisilicon-hix5hd2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tx1-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tx1-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7540-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7540-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx8-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx8-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx53qsb-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx53qsb-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-emu-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-emu-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-ci20-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-ci20-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-h2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-h2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-amlogic-8726M-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-amlogic-8726M-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-amlogic-8726M-g++/qeglfshooks_8726m.cpp qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi4-v3d-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi4-v3d-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-rasp-pi-clang/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/freebsd-rasp-pi-clang/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tegra2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tegra2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-broadcom-97425-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-broadcom-97425-g++/qdirectfbeglhooks_bcm97425.cpp qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-mipsel-broadcom-97425-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tinkerboard-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-tinkerboard-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-msm8996au/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-msm8996au/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-generic-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-generic-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-pro-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-jetson-tk1-pro-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-trident-pnx8473-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-arm-trident-pnx8473-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/linux_device_post.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/freebsd_device_pre.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/freebsd_device_post.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/linux_device_pre.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/common/linux_arm_device_post.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-archos-gen8-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-archos-gen8-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-generic-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-generic-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-m3-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rcar-m3-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-SA8155P/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-SA8155P/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-colibri-vf-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-colibri-vf-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-drive-cx/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/integrity-armv8-drive-cx/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7108-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-sh4-stmicro-ST7108-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-nuc-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-nuc-g++/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-vc4-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-rasp-pi3-vc4-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx7-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/devices/linux-imx7-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/openbsd-g++/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/openbsd-g++/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-msvc/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-msvc/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/qnx-X11-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/qnx-X11-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-dcc/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-dcc/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-host-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-host-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-dcc/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-dcc/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl-g++/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-simpentium-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl64-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/nacl64-g++/qmake.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-scratchbox2-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/linux-scratchbox2-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-g++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/unsupported/vxworks-ppc-g++/qmake.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-g++/qmake.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2017/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7-imx6/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-armv7-imx6/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/cygwin-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/cygwin-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-clang/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/freebsd-clang/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qmodule.pri                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2019/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-armle-v7-qcc/qplatformdefs.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/qnx-armle-v7-qcc/qmake.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-32/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-g++-32/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2015/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-arm-msvc2015/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++-64/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++-64/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-stlport/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc-stlport/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_core.pri            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_gui.pri             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_theme_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xml_private.pri     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xcb_qpa_lib_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_fontdatabase_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xkbcommon_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xml.pri             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_service_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sql.pri             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_eventdispatcher_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_concurrent.pri      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_fb_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sql_private.pri     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_edid_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_testlib.pri         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_zlib_private.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_testlib_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_devicediscovery_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_bootstrap_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_widgets.pri         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_core_private.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_network_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_concurrent_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_widgets_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_dbus_private.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_printsupport.pri    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_dbus.pri            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_gui_private.pri     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_network.pri         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_printsupport_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_input_support_private.pri qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/windows-desktop.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-x86-64.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/clang.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/mac.conf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/rtems/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-x86.conf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-macx.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/bsd/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/bsd/bsd.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/shell-unix.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/manifests/10.0/AppxManifest.xml.in qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_44x44.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_310x150.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_620x300.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_71x71.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_store.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_70x70.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_310x310.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_30x30.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_480x800.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/winrt_winphone/assets/logo_150x150.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ios.conf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/linux.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/mac/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-integrity-x86.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/watchos.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/gcc-base-unix.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/msvc-version.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit/clang.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit/GLES2/gl2.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit/qmake.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/c89/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/angle.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/tvos.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/icc-base-unix.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/macx.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/qplatformdefs.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/g++-nacl32.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/nacl-base.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/nacl/g++-nacl64.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/sanitize.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/msvc-based-version.conf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/unix.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++.conf                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/msvc-desktop.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-unix.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/solaris.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/shell-win32.conf            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/integrity/qplatformdefs.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/rtems-base.conf             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-aarch64le.conf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-integrity-armv7.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/gcc-base.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/posix/qplatformdefs.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/gcc-base-mac.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/ghs-integrity-armv8.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/llvm.conf                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/g++-win32.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qcc-base-qnx-armle-v7.conf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/uikit.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/android/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/windows-vulkan.conf         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/aix/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/qnx/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/common/clang-mac.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2015/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x64-msvc2015/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux/qplatformdefs.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/termux/qmake.conf                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/haiku-g++/qplatformdefs.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/haiku-g++/qmake.conf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-x86/qplatformdefs.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/integrity-x86/qmake.conf           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-arm64-msvc2017/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-arm64-msvc2017/qmake.conf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/Info.plist.app  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-watchos-clang/Info.plist.lib  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++-32/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++-32/qmake.conf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/solaris-cc/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2019/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/winrt-x86-msvc2019/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++/qplatformdefs.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/aix-g++/qmake.conf                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/LaunchScreen.storyboard qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/qplatformdefs.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Default-568h@2x.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/qmake.conf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/features/default_post.prf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Info.plist.dSYM.in  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Info.plist.app      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/macx-ios-clang/Info.plist.lib      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hurd-g++/qplatformdefs.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/hurd-g++/qmake.conf                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-msvc/qplatformdefs.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/win32-clang-msvc/qmake.conf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++/qplatformdefs.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/linux-clang-libc++/qmake.conf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/darwin-g++/qplatformdefs.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/darwin-g++/qmake.conf              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ServiceSupport.prl                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so.5.15                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so.5.15.7                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5.15.7                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so.5                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so.5.15                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DeviceDiscoverySupport.prl              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.prl                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Bootstrap.prl                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so.5.15.7                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so.5.15                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so.5.15.7                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XkbCommonSupport.a                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ServiceSupport.a                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EdidSupport.a                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ThemeSupport.a                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5.15                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Concurrent.so.5.15                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.so.5                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.prl                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.prl                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EdidSupport.prl                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so.5                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FontDatabaseSupport.a                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5.15.7                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XcbQpa.prl                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.so                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ThemeSupport.prl                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so.5.15.7                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5InputSupport.a                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5.15.7                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Test.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5core_metatypes.json              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5gui_metatypes.json               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5widgets_metatypes.json           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5FbSupport.a                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Zlib.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DBus.prl                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5InputSupport.prl                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5.15.7                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5EventDispatcherSupport.a                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5.15                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5.15                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Network.so.5                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sql/Qt5SqlConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sql/Qt5Sql_QSQLiteDriverPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sql/Qt5SqlConfig.cmake               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XkbCommonSupport/Qt5XkbCommonSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XkbCommonSupport/Qt5XkbCommonSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5/Qt5ConfigVersion.cmake              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5/Qt5Config.cmake                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5/Qt5ModuleLocation.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EdidSupport/Qt5EdidSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EdidSupport/Qt5EdidSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupport/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupport/Qt5DeviceDiscoverySupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CTestMacros.cmake            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreMacros.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Core/Qt5CoreConfigExtrasMkspecDir.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5Network_QGenericEnginePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5Network_QConnmanEnginePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5NetworkConfig.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5Network_QNetworkManagerEnginePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Network/Qt5NetworkConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5BootstrapDBus/Qt5BootstrapDBusConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5BootstrapDBus/Qt5BootstrapDBusConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QOffscreenIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QXdgDesktopPortalThemePlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QIbusPlatformInputContextPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QMinimalIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QGifPlugin.cmake          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5GuiConfig.cmake               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QTuioTouchPlugin.cmake    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QComposePlatformInputContextPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QICOPlugin.cmake          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QXcbIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5GuiConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QJpegPlugin.cmake         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QVncIntegrationPlugin.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5GuiConfigExtras.cmake         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Concurrent/Qt5ConcurrentConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Concurrent/Qt5ConcurrentConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EventDispatcherSupport/Qt5EventDispatcherSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5EventDispatcherSupport/Qt5EventDispatcherSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FbSupport/Qt5FbSupportConfig.cmake   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FbSupport/Qt5FbSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ThemeSupport/Qt5ThemeSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ThemeSupport/Qt5ThemeSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PrintSupport/Qt5PrintSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PrintSupport/Qt5PrintSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FontDatabaseSupport/Qt5FontDatabaseSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5FontDatabaseSupport/Qt5FontDatabaseSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Test/Qt5TestConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Test/Qt5TestConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Test/Qt5TestConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XcbQpa/Qt5XcbQpaConfig.cmake         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XcbQpa/Qt5XcbQpaConfigVersion.cmake  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DBus/Qt5DBusMacros.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsConfig.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsConfigExtras.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsMacros.cmake       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Widgets/Qt5WidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5InputSupport/Qt5InputSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5InputSupport/Qt5InputSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ServiceSupport/Qt5ServiceSupportConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ServiceSupport/Qt5ServiceSupportConfig.cmake qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Xml/Qt5XmlConfig.cmake               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Xml/Qt5XmlConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Zlib/Qt5ZlibConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Zlib/Qt5ZlibConfig.cmake             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QtDBus                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusinterface.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusSignature                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QtDBusDepends                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QtDBusVersion                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusservicewatcher.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusAbstractAdaptor               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusVirtualObject                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusServiceWatcher                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusError                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusMessage                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusConnectionInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingReply                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusserver.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusInterface                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusconnection.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusabstractinterface.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusConnection                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qtdbusglobal.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusconnection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusconnectionmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusmetatype_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusxmlparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusmessage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/dbus_minimal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusabstractinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusthreaddebug_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusintrospection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbuscontext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusutil_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbus_symbols_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusintegrator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusabstractadaptor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qtdbusglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbuspendingcall_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/5.15.7/QtDBus/private/qdbusargument_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusAbstractInterfaceBase         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusUnixFileDescriptor            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuscontext.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusextratypes.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qtdbusversion.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusreply.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusabstractadaptor.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusmacros.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusargument.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusunixfiledescriptor.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusArgument                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusServer                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusReply                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuserror.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusvirtualobject.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusMetaType                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuspendingreply.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusmetatype.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusObjectPath                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusconnectioninterface.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbusmessage.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingReplyData              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusAbstractInterface             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/qdbuspendingcall.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingCall                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusContext                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusPendingCallWatcher            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDBus/QDBusVariant                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.7/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.7/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_udev_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.7/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_static_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/5.15.7/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/private/qdevicediscovery_dummy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/QtDeviceDiscoverySupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/qtdevicediscoverysupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDeviceDiscoverySupport/QtDeviceDiscoverySupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtZlib/zconf.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtZlib/zlib.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qpassworddigestor.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkDiskCache               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QTcpSocket                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkDatagram                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtnetworkversion.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QUdpSocket                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtcpsocket.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkSession                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsTextRecord                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qlocalsocket.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkCacheMetaData           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkconfiguration.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslError                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkRequest                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslsocket.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qocspresponse.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHostAddress                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkAccessManager           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QtNetwork                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhttp2configuration.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QtNetworkVersion                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslpresharedkeyauthenticator.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/http2frames_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplywasmimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkdiskcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qasn1element_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkrequest_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_mac_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhostinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkfile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessauthenticationmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkinterface_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkdatagram_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslpresharedkeyauthenticator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qtnetworkglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qspdyprotocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsocks5socketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpsocketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslcertificateextension_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnativesocketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qtcpserver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkconnection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslcontext_openssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qauthenticator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsctpsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qtcpsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qocsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplyimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/huffman_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplydataimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworksession_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplyfileimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhsts_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetconmonitor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpmultipart_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessdebugpipebackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qabstractsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qwindowscarootfetcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qurlinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qocspresponse_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkconnectionchannel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessftpbackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccesscache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qlocalserver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/hpack_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreply_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkconfiguration_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qlocalsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qabstractsocketengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qbearerplugin_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkinterface_uikit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkheader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_openssl_symbols_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkreplyhttpimpl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qtnetwork-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/http2streams_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qdtls_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhstsstore_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qbearerengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslcipher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslconfiguration_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/http2protocol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttp2protocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnativesocketengine_winrt_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhostaddress_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qdtls_openssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsctpserver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccesscachebackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessfilebackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkaccessbackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qabstractnetworkcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qabstractprotocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_winrt_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpthreaddelegate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkrequest_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsharednetworksession_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/hpacktable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnet_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpnetworkreply_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_openssl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qssldiffiehellmanparameters_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qdnslookup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qftp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkcookie_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkconfigmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslcertificate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslsocket_schannel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qnetworkcookiejar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/bitstreams_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qsslkey_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/5.15.7/QtNetwork/private/qhttpprotocolhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslcertificateextension.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsctpsocket.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkreply.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qdtls.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qauthenticator.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkcookiejar.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsDomainNameRecord            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qabstractsocket.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslcipher.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhttpmultipart.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHostInfo                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QPasswordDigestor               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslPreSharedKeyAuthenticator   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QAuthenticator                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QLocalSocket                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/Q_IPV6ADDR                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkAddressEntry            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qabstractnetworkcache.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslKey                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSctpServer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhostaddress.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworksession.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qssl.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtnetwork-config.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsLookup                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkaccessmanager.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qssldiffiehellmanparameters.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QIPv6Address                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslConfiguration               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QTcpServer                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QAbstractNetworkCache           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslDiffieHellmanParameters     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslSocket                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkconfigmanager.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkReply                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslcertificate.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkCookie                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qudpsocket.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkinterface.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSctpSocket                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslEllipticCurve               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslkey.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkConfigurationManager    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkProxyQuery              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkProxy                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkrequest.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsMailExchangeRecord          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslCertificateExtension        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDtlsClientVerifier             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkConfiguration           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkProxyFactory            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSsl                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHttpPart                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkdiskcache.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkCookieJar               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHttp2Configuration             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QOcspResponse                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qlocalserver.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qdnslookup.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QNetworkInterface               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsServiceRecord               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDnsHostAddressRecord           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QAbstractSocket                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkcookie.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslellipticcurve.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkdatagram.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhstspolicy.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtnetworkglobal.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslerror.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QtNetworkDepends                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QLocalServer                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsctpserver.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qtcpserver.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHstsPolicy                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QHttpMultiPart                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslCipher                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QDtls                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qnetworkproxy.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/QSslCertificate                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qsslconfiguration.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtNetwork/qhostinfo.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/QtFbSupportDepends            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/QtFbSupport                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.7/QtFbSupport/private/qfbcursor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.7/QtFbSupport/private/qfbvthandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.7/QtFbSupport/private/qfbbackingstore_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.7/QtFbSupport/private/qfbscreen_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/5.15.7/QtFbSupport/private/qfbwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/QtFbSupportVersion            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFbSupport/qtfbsupportversion.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlogging.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAnimationGroup                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedData                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcommandlineparser.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringData                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qanimationgroup.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAtomicInt                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qhashfunctions.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLockFile                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextDecoder                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapData                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QItemSelectionRange                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qversiontagging.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstracttransition.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBasicTimer                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableSetIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStorageInfo                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMessageAuthenticationCode         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qconcatenatetablesproxymodel.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapNode                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractListModel                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringAlgorithms                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIncompatibleFlag                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapNodeBase                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qt_windows.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapDataBase                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlibrary.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFile                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QKeyValueIterator                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStandardPaths                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLine                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTypeInfoQuery                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRandomGenerator                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsystemdetection.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEnableSharedFromThis              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsonarray.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcalendar.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmimetype.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtimezone.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QInternal                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWeakPointer                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSequentialAnimationGroup          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBasicMutex                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileInfoList                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstring.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerDeleteLater          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpointer.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/quuid.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFinalState                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBuffer                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStateMachine                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qwineventnotifier.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticPlugin                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcoreevent.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpair.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRectF                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSpecialInteger                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborValue                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLocale                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborError                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNamespaceDeclarations    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedValueRollback               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMimeData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QList                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableHashIterator               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QGenericReturnArgument             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringview.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutex                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qidentityproxymodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpoint.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSequentialIterable                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantComparisonHelper           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qarraydataops.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractNativeEventFilter         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcontainerfwd.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaObject                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QNoDebug                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qreadwritelock.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Q_STARTUPINFO                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstorageinfo.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qalgorithms.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashDummyValue                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qurl.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qeasingcurve.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qthreadstorage.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringListIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractTransition                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtContainerFwd                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrandom.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDeferredDeleteEvent               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtPluginInstanceFunction           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdiriterator.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedListNode                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qiodevice.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIdentityProxyModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcoreapplication.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSizeF                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamEntityResolver           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Q_SECURITY_ATTRIBUTES              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaEnum                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfile.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBitRef                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qresource.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmimedatabase.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMargins                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QGlobalStatic                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmap.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringbuilder.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QException                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmimedata.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSemaphoreReleaser                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qprocess.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextStreamFunction                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimer                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableFutureIterator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedListData                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qhistorystate.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdebug.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFunctionPointer                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrunnable.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QReadWriteLock                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileSelector                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qendian.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbitarray.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextCodec                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWaitCondition                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSysInfo                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qeventloop.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractItemModel                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEvent                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborvalue.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtransposeproxymodel.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qoperatingsystemversion_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qppsobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjsonparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qstringalgorithms_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsjiscodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemiterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjuliancalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qwineventnotifier_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdatastream_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qppsattributeprivate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsharedmemory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstracteventdispatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfsfileengine_iterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlockfile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qprocess_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qipaddress_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimedatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlibrary_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qrandom_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qwinregistry_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjson_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qurl_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcore_mac_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtimezoneprivate_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_glib_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstractproxymodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qt_pch.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qstorageinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlatincodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qorderedmutexlocker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qunicodetables_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsettings_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsignaltransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qendian_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfile_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdeadlinetimer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsignaleventgenerator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qurltlds_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qpropertyanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qstatemachine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsimd_x86_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdir_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_cf_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfileinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlogging_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qromancalendar_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qanimationgroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlocale_tools_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtranslator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlocking_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qgregoriancalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qharfbuzz_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjpunicode_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfuturewatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qunicodetools_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qparallelanimationgroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qwaitcondition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtextcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcoreapplication_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdoublescanprint_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qppsobjectprivate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcalendarmath_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimetypeparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qloggingregistry_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfunctions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qiodevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjalalicalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qhijricalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmetatypeswitcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmachparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtsciicodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbytedata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/cp949codetbl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfutureinterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventloop_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qscopedpointer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimemagicrulematcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qitemselectionmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtextstream_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfunctions_fake_env_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_kqueue_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qthread_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimeprovider_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsystemerror_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qelfparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmetatype_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsavefile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qxmlutils_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcoreglobaldata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qconfig_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdatetime_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbig5codec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstractitemmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qglobal_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcorecmdlineargs_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qhistorystate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstractfileengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsimplecodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qduplicatetracker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qobject_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qislamiccivilcalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimeglobpattern_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qreadwritelock_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmilankoviccalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qvariantanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmetaobjectbuilder_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstractstate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjiscodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qicucodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtldurl_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qwindowspipereader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjsonwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qresource_iterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbinaryjsonarray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjnihelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbinaryjson_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtrace_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qpoll_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjni_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeuckrcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtimezoneprivate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlocale_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfreelist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystementry_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmetaobject_moc_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsimd_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstracttransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdatetimeparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcborvalue_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qstate_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtcore-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemmetadata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qnoncontiguousbytedevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qwindowspipewriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_winrt_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qutfcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qstdweb_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qoperatingsystemversion_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcollator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qthreadpool_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbytearray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbinaryjsonobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qjalalicalendar_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdebug_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtools_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmakearray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qringbuffer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qromancalendar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qwindowscodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qnumeric_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qppsattribute_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qlocale_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfileselector_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfinalstate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qhooks_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qresource_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfiledevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qoffsetstringarray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qiconvcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsystemlibrary_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qabstractanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmemory_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfutex_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsequentialanimationgroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimemagicrule_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qdataurl_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qxmlstream_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeucjpcodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcborcommon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtransposeproxymodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_inotify_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qsystemsemaphore_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfsfileengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qisciicodec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventtransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_fsevents_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmutex_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfilesystemwatcher_polling_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qhijricalendar_data_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcalendarbackend_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcfsocketnotifier_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/minimum-linux_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qeventdispatcher_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qbinaryjsonvalue_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qgb18030codec_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qfactoryloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtemporaryfile_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qvariant_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qtimerinfo_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qmimetype_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qplugin_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qcore_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/5.15.7/QtCore/private/qstringiterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaType                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtConfig                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCore                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonObject                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUuid                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMultiMap                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticByteArrayData               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcryptographichash.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDebug                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfilesystemwatcher.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractTableModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcontiguouscache.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlinkedlist.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsharedpointer_impl.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNotationDeclaration      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvariantanimation.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMessageLogger                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringBuilder                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlocale.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborValueRef                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QExplicitlySharedDataPointer       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringLiteral                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qeventtransition.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QQueue                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfunctions_winrt.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFactoryInterface                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcache.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtimer.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QState                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbasictimer.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfileinfo.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qchar.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdir.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEventLoopLocker                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtcore-config.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractproxymodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmutex.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSetIterator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextEncoder                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDeadlineTimer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractProxyModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLatin1Char                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlockfile.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSocketNotifier                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerObjectDeleteLater    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantMap                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValueRefPtr                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArrayData                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureWatcherBase                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectUserData                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSocketDescriptor                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QGenericArgument                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractanimation.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonArray                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsonvalue.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborstreamwriter.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamEntityDeclarations       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamEntityDeclaration        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfuturesynchronizer.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qhash.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVarLengthArray                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMimeDatabase                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureSynchronizer                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayMatcher                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringmatcher.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsequentialanimationgroup.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedMemory                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsignaltransition.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qgenericatomic.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QResource                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDirIterator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstandardpaths.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamAttributes               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedPointer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qregexp.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtNumeric                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThread                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUnhandledException                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcollator.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsysinfo.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobjectdefs.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextStream                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QReturnArgument                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborArray                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFlag                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArgument                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qprocessordetection.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticStringData                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcompilerdetection.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbytearray.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsize.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QProcessEnvironment                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfiledevice.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDate                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSize                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamStringRef                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAssociativeIterable               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfuture.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringMatcher                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPluginMetaData                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEasingCurve                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRecursiveMutex                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpauseanimation.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtcoreversion.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableVectorIterator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCommandLineOption                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimeZone                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopeGuard                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QItemSelection                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringRef                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPluginLoader                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLEInteger                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringlist.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qarraydata.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDataStream                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtMath                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantList                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic_msvc.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectData                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDir                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qnamespace.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileInfo                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtPlugin                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qversionnumber.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDynamicPropertyChangeEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSet                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayList                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamReader                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstracteventdispatcher.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QModelIndex                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCleanUpFunction                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCommandLineParser                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobjectcleanuphandler.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTranslator                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlibraryinfo.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObjectCleanupHandler              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVectorIterator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbytearraymatcher.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qqueue.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qflags.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSettings                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstate.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamAttribute                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborParserError                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDateTime                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QContiguousCache                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashFunctions                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QItemSelectionModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborstreamreader.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qloggingcategory.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtestsupport_core.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLinkedListIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHash                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableStringListIterator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPropertyAnimation                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureInterfaceBase               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFuture                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmetaobject.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBigEndianStorageType              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtypetraits.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qglobal.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfileselector.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvarlengtharray.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QListIterator                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qscopeguard.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringliteral.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureIterator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSignalMapper                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantAnimation                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAtomicPointer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qarraydatapointer.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsonobject.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArray                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAnimationDriver                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHistoryState                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QListSpecialMethods                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringlistmodel.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSystemSemaphore                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPair                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCryptographicHash                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobject.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmath.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLatin1Literal                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QChar                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QDebugStateSaver                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic_bootstrap.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QListData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCharRef                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtDebug                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qplugin.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArrayDataPointer                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLittleEndianStorageType           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdatastream.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayListIterator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMimeType                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdatetime.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCollatorSortKey                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRect                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmessageauthenticationcode.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcommandlineoption.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerPodDeleter           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qjsondocument.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfuturewatcher.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfinalstate.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPointF                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfloat16.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmetatype.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qscopedvaluerollback.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPointer                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbasicatomic.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsortfilterproxymodel.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QParallelAnimationGroup            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QContiguousCacheData               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsocketnotifier.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMapIterator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCborCommon                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtMsgHandler                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Q_PID                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonParseError                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborarray.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTypeInfoMerger                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractnativeeventfilter.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtGlobal                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextBoundaryFinder                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsettings.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtMessageHandler                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariantHash                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtextcodec.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qxmlstream.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticArrayData                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qoperatingsystemversion.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsystemsemaphore.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringDataPtr                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileDevice                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrefcount.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qnumeric.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractEventDispatcher           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qconfig.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtemporaryfile.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashNode                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborcommon.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvector.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qiterator.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringView                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborStreamReader                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qelapsedtimer.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtAlgorithms                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamWriter                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerArrayDeleter         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcbormap.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QReadLocker                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtimeline.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qmargins.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVector                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTemporaryFile                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobjectdefs_impl.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringListModel                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIODevice                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsemaphore.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qregularexpression.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QObject                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPoint                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTime                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QConcatenateTablesProxyModel       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QConstOverload                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureWatcher                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableListIterator               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QNonConstOverload                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashIterator                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMessageLogContext                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimerEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegExp                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBitArray                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QHashData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtranslator.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThreadStorageData                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRunnable                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaClassInfo                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qdeadlinetimer.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAtomicInteger                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QArrayDataPointerRef               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVariant                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractitemmodel.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfunctions_nacl.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTimeLine                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborMap                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTypeInfo                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfunctions_vxworks.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qscopedpointer.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpropertyanimation.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMultiHash                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThreadPool                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qpluginloader.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtEndian                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLibraryInfo                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFlags                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLoggingCategory                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTemporaryDir                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStaticByteArrayMatcherBase        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qlist.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qresultstore.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTextStreamManipulator             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCoreDepends                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstringalgorithms.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QContiguousCacheTypedData          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsharedpointer.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QModelIndexList                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QBEInteger                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCborStreamWriter                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPauseAnimation                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qthread.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qset.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUrlQuery                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qline.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSharedDataPointer                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLineF                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QIntegerForSize                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUrlTwoFlags                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtCoreVersion                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstack.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbytearraylist.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRandomGenerator64                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QtPluginMetaDataFunction           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointerDeleter              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMarginsF                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStack                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qshareddata.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qabstractstate.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSignalTransition                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtextboundaryfinder.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qconfig-bootstrapped.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtemporarydir.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayDataPtr                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QUrl                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaProperty                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCalendar                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValue                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValueRef                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonValuePtr                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWinEventNotifier                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QPersistentModelIndex              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegularExpressionMatch            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcontainertools_impl.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNamespaceDeclaration     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/Qt                                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteArrayData                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qwaitcondition.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QXmlStreamNotationDeclarations     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QOperatingSystemVersion            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMap                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegularExpression                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSignalBlocker                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QThreadStorage                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSortFilterProxyModel              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLatin1String                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtextstream.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCoreApplication                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qthreadpool.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfutureinterface.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFileSystemWatcher                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qparallelanimationgroup.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qbuffer.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableLinkedListIterator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFloat16                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qvariant.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QProcess                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QLibrary                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsignalmapper.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qfactoryinterface.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCache                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QStringList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qitemselectionmodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedArrayPointer                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSemaphore                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsavefile.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutexLocker                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QRegularExpressionMatchIterator    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEventLoop                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QScopedPointer                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qexception.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qcborstream.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qrect.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QTransposeProxyModel               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QJsonDocument                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QByteRef                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qatomic_cxx11.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qtypeinfo.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableMapIterator                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMutableByteArrayListIterator      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QVersionNumber                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qisenum.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qurlquery.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractState                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QWriteLocker                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QCollator                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qstatemachine.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QString                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QChildEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qobject_impl.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QSaveFile                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QAbstractAnimation                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QFutureInterface                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QEventTransition                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QElapsedTimer                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/QMetaMethod                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qglobalstatic.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtCore/qsharedmemory.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QtInputSupportVersion      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QtInputSupportDepends      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/qtinputsupportversion.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qxkbcommon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevkeyboard_defaultmap_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtouchmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevmousemanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputtouch_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtablethandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/devicehandlerlist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtouchhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevkeyboardhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qtouchoutputmapping_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qtslib_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtouchfilter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevtabletmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputpointer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qlibinputkeyboard_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevkeyboardmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevutil_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/5.15.7/QtInputSupport/private/qevdevmousehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QtInputSupport             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/qintegrityhidmanager.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtInputSupport/QIntegrityHIDManager       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/5.15.7/QtServiceSupport/private/qgenericunixservices_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/QtServiceSupportDepends  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/QtServiceSupport         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/qtservicesupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtServiceSupport/QtServiceSupportVersion  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentMap              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentrunbase.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentcompilertest.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentmedian.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentfilterkernel.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentfunctionwrappers.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentfilter.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentversion.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentDepends          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrent_global.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentFilter           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentstoredfunctioncall.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentexception.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentmap.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentiteratekernel.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentreducekernel.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentVersion          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentrun.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentmapkernel.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/QtConcurrentRun              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtConcurrent/qtconcurrentthreadengine.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrinterInfo               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrinter                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qpagesetupdialog.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupportDepends      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qpaintengine_alpha_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qtprintsupportglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qcups_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qabstractprintdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qprintdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qpagesetupdialog_unix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qprint_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qprintengine_pdf_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qpaintengine_preview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qtprintsupport-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qprinter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qprintengine_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qpagesetupdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qcupsjobwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/private/qprinterinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/qpa/qplatformprintplugin.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/qpa/qplatformprintersupport.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/5.15.7/QtPrintSupport/qpa/qplatformprintdevice.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintDialog               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupportVersion      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qtprintsupportglobal.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintPreviewDialog        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupport             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qabstractprintdialog.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintengine.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QAbstractPrintDialog       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintpreviewwidget.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintPreviewWidget        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPrintEngine               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprinter.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprinterinfo.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/QPageSetupDialog           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintdialog.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qtprintsupportversion.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qtprintsupport-config.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPrintSupport/qprintpreviewdialog.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qxcbscreenfunctions.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qplatformheaderhelper.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qwglnativecontext.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QtPlatformHeadersVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QGLXNativeContext       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qcocoawindowfunctions.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QWGLNativeContext       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QEglFSFunctions         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qcocoanativecontext.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QPlatformHeaderHelper   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qeglnativecontext.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QtPlatformHeadersDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QWaylandWindowFunctions qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QXcbScreenFunctions     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qwaylandwindowfunctions.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QWindowsWindowFunctions qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qeglfsfunctions.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qxcbwindowfunctions.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QCocoaWindowFunctions   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QEGLNativeContext       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QCocoaNativeContext     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QtPlatformHeaders       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qglxnativecontext.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qtplatformheadersversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QLinuxFbFunctions       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/QXcbWindowFunctions     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qlinuxfbfunctions.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPlatformHeaders/qwindowswindowfunctions.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/QtEdidSupportVersion        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/5.15.7/QtEdidSupport/private/qedidparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/5.15.7/QtEdidSupport/private/qedidvendortable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/qtedidsupportversion.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/QtEdidSupportDepends        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEdidSupport/QtEdidSupport               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/qteventdispatchersupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.7/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qeventdispatcher_glib_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.7/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qunixeventdispatcher_qpa_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.7/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qgenericunixeventdispatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/5.15.7/QtEventDispatcherSupport/private/qwindowsguieventdispatcher_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/QtEventDispatcherSupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/QtEventDispatcherSupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtEventDispatcherSupport/QtEventDispatcherSupport qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qgenericunixfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qcoretextfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfreetypefontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontdatabase_ft_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontengine_coretext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontconfigdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontengine_ft_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qfontenginemultifontconfig_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwinrtfontdatabase_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsnativeimage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/5.15.7/QtFontDatabaseSupport/private/qwindowsfontenginedirectwrite_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/QtFontDatabaseSupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/QtFontDatabaseSupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/QtFontDatabaseSupport qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtFontDatabaseSupport/qtfontdatabasesupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestassert.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qsignalspy.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qttestlib-config.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestMouseEvent                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestcase.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestKeyEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qttestglobal.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qbenchmark.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtesteventloop.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_widgets.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkvalgrind_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qttestlib-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestelement_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkperfevents_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestelementattribute_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestresult_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qappletestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qxmltestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestjunitstreamer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkmeasurement_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestutil_macos_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestcorelist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qcsvbenchmarklogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtaptestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtesttable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtesthelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkevent_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmark_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmarkmetric_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qbenchmarktimemeasurers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qplaintestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestblacklist_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qjunittestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestlog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/linux_perf_event_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qteamcitylogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/callgrind_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qxctestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qtestcoreelement_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qsignaldumper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/qabstracttestlogger_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/cycle_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/5.15.7/QtTest/private/valgrind_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestKeyClicksEvent                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTest                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestsystem.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestWidgets                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QSignalSpy                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestevent.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QAbstractItemModelTester           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestmouse.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qbenchmarkmetric.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestkeyboard.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestDelayEvent                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestEventList                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qabstractitemmodeltester.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qttestversion.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtesttouch.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_network.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QEventSizeOfChecker                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestNetwork                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTest                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestDepends                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestAccessibility                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QTestEventLoop                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtCoverageScanner                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestspontaneevent.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_gui.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestVersion                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QtTestGui                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/QSpontaneKeyEvent                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestdata.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtestaccessible.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtTest/qtest_global.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_2_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpainterpath.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglcontext.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QCursor                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDesktopServices                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpagelayout.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlockUserData                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconEngine                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRawFont                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPainter                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTableCellInterface       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglpaintdevice.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlockFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QValidator                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessiblebridge.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengltexture.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPainterPath                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qinputmethod.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGlyphRun                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStaticText                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_1_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qgenericplugin.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_4_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextoption.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPageLayout                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAbstractTextDocumentLayout         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextCursorEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScreenOrientationChangeEvent       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qdesktopservices.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_2_0                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctionsPrivate             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDragEnterEvent                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextLine                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtgui-config.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglwindow.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVector2D                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtguiversion.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpaintdevice.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPalette                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix3x4                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_4                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputMethodQueryEvent              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRadialGradient                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStandardItemModel                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessible.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleStateChangeEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScrollPrepareEvent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtouchdevice.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_2_0.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFrameLayoutData                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFileOpenEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPdfWriter                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpagedpaintdevice.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_4.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGradientStops                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLExtraFunctions               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTouchEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QNativeGestureEvent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_2                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWindowStateChangeEvent             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpdfwriter.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpixelformat.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLContext                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpainter.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QResizeEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_0_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrgba64.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QExposeEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleImageInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconDragEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMoveEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_3_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLWindow                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGuiApplication                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIntValidator                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFramebufferObject            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextImageFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLShader                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTableFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qregion.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtEvents                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvulkanfunctions.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix2x2                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QCloseEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfont.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBitmap                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextdocument.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGenericPlugin                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleApplication              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextItem                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextlist.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpaintdevicewindow.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QColorSpace                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qgenericpluginfactory.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_5                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSurfaceFormat                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengles2ext.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_2_1                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QKeySequence                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_0.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGradient                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcssparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qmemrotate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qabstractlayoutstyleinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshaderdescription_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhivulkan_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpolygonclipper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextcursor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolor_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcoregraphics_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtexturefilehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshaderlanguage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_neon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_x86_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qicon_p.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglshadercache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qxbmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrawfont_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolormatrix_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpixmapcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtexttable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfontengineglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qinputdevicemanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qstroker_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qbmphandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qvulkanfunctions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpaintengineex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextdocumentlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengltextureglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshadernodesloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtgui-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglcustomshaderstage_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengltextureuploader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qwasmlocalfileaccess_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qblendfunctions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpnghandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qinputcontrol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolortransfertable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpaintdevicewindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextmarkdownimporter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengltexturehelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfontsubset_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_pic_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhinull_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qinputdevicemanager_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfontengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengltexture_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshadergraph_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengltexturecache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcssutil_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglcontext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qlayoutpolicy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qimagereaderwriterhelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdatabuffer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhi_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qmath_p.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qblittable_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcursor_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhid3d11_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdnd_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextdocumentfragment_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qevent_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qimage_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qicc_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglqueryhelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qhighdpiscaling_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpdf_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qaccessiblecache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qppmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_mips_dsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengl2pexvertexarray_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhimetal_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglpaintengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpen_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglpaintdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextureglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qgrayraster_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglextensions_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolortrc_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qscreen_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolortransform_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtriangulator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextformat_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qhexstring_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qvulkanwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdistancefield_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhimetal_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qoutlinemapper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtguiglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshapedpixmapdndwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrasterdefs_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qinternalmimedata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/cs_tdr_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshaderdescription_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qinputmethod_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglvertexarrayobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshadergraphloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglversionfunctionsfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhivulkanext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhigles2_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhinull_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qabstracttextdocumentlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpathsimplifier_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhiprofiler_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglframebufferobject_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglengineshadersource_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qzipwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qxpmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrasterizer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrgba64_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtouchdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdrawhelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qkeymapper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qsimpledrag_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qimagescale_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qkeysequence_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpainter_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhivulkan_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpagedpaintdevice_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtexturefiledata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolortransferfunction_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextmarkdownwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qzipreader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qastchandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhigles2_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolortrclut_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qsessionmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qvectorpath_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpicture_p.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_raster_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhiprofiler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshader_p_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtriangulatingstroker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshortcutmap_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglprogrambinarycache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qwindow_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshadergenerator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qstatictext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextodfwriter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qemulationpaintengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qt_mips_asm_dsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qglyphrun_p.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtexthtmlparser_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtexturefilereader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qimagepixmapcleanuphooks_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpathclipper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpainterpath_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhi_p_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrhid3d11_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qharfbuzzng_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qktxhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpkmhandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshaderformat_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qt_gui_pch.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qgridlayoutengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qiconloader_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfixed_p.h     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextimagehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshadernode_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfont_p.h      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfontengine_qpf2_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpixmap_raster_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglengineshadermanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopengl_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpixmap_blitter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qopenglgradientcache_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qpaintengine_blitter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshader_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qguiapplication_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qshadernodeport_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcosmeticstroker_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qdrawingprimitive_sse2_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qrbtree_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qbezier_p.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qfragmentmap_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qtextdocument_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qstandarditemmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/private/qcolorspace_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformtheme_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformfontdatabase.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformpixmap.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qwindowsysteminterface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformdialoghelper.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformthemeplugin.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformaccessibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsystemtrayicon.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformvulkaninstance.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformcursor.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsessionmanager.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformintegrationfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformgraphicsbufferhelper.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformthemefactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontextfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformintegration.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformclipboard.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontext.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformopenglcontext.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformmenu.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformtheme.h   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformwindow.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformoffscreensurface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformnativeinterface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformgraphicsbuffer.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformdrag.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontext_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformintegrationplugin.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsurface.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qwindowsysteminterface_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatforminputcontextplugin_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformservices.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformsharedgraphicscache.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformscreen_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformbackingstore.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/5.15.7/QtGui/qpa/qplatformscreen.h  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextObjectInterface                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPixmapCache                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_0_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_2_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglshaderprogram.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimage.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVector3D                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengldebug.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qevent.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsessionmanager.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_1_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRegularExpressionValidator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrasterwindow.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextInlineObject                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPixelFormat                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_3_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QClipboard                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTouchDevice                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleActionInterface          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_4_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qiconengine.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextUpdateEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_1.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFrame                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPixmap                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWidgetList                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_0                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfontdatabase.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTableModelChangeEvent    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLPixelTransferOptions         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix4x3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qwindowdefs.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVector4D                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglext.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintEngineState                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglbuffer.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputMethodEvent                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QHoverEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix4x4                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextdocumentfragment.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessibleobject.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextlayout.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_2.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBrush                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleBridgePlugin             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_2_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qstylehints.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_1                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_3_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpixmap.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRegExpValidator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWindowList                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_0_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMouseEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpicture.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRgb                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTransform                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix4x2                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qstandarditemmodel.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qaccessibleplugin.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvulkanwindow.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpolygon.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSurface                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFragment                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_5_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QConicalGradient                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPointingDeviceUniqueId             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextDocumentWriter                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanWindowRenderer               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcolor.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextformat.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontMetricsF                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageIOPlugin                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_1_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_0                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_2_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfontmetrics.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIcon                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWidgetSet                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleValueInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPolygonF                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontMetrics                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QActionEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QToolBarChangeEvent                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qfontinfo.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDragLeaveEvent                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFrameFormat                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qicon.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_0.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWheelEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QHelpEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_3_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDragMoveEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_1_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_3_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qwindowdefs_win.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qmatrix4x4.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStandardItem                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSyntaxHighlighter                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsurfaceformat.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextLayout                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintDevice                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTabletEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessible                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QEnterEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qbrush.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageTextKeyLang                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleInterface                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextobject.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPainterPathStroker                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMovie                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QLinearGradient                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLExtraFunctionsPrivate        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrgb.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtexttable.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix3x3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextFormat                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglversionfunctions.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QColorTransform                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qscreen.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLBuffer                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_2_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_3_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qdrag.h                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qkeysequence.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QShowEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlock                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QContextMenuEvent                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengltextureblitter.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextListFormat                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLVersionFunctions             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qrawfont.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengltimerquery.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLShaderProgram                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleObject                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qguiapplication.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qbitmap.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTableCellFormat                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglpixeltransferoptions.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScrollEvent                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qgenericmatrix.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageCleanupFunction               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_3_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_ES2                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageWriter                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextDocumentFragment               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFocusEvent                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStyleHints                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QScreen                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextRemoveEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconEnginePlugin                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextInsertEvent          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qabstracttextdocumentlayout.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix3x2                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_es2.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpaintengine.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLVertexArrayObject            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qoffscreensurface.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtGui                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpalette.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsyntaxhighlighter.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_4_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintEngine                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_5.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvalidator.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPlatformSurfaceEvent               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImage                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qglyphrun.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcursor.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpagesize.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLContextGroup                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimageiohandler.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtGuiVersion                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTexture                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPen                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLDebugLogger                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextInterface            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QShortcutEvent                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextCursor                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_2_1.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtestsupport_gui.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_1                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextBlockGroup                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpictureformatplugin.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAbstractUndoItem                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLVersionProfile               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRasterWindow                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPolygon                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGenericMatrix                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTextureBlitter               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QIconEngineV2                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTable                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcolortransform.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessiblePlugin                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QInputMethod                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_3.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageIOHandler                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWindow                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLDebugMessage                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglextrafunctions.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextdocumentwriter.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPaintDeviceWindow                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QImageReader                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qstatictext.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextObject                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qmatrix.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglvertexarrayobject.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOffscreenSurface                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTextSelectionEvent       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGenericPluginFactory               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleEditableTextInterface    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix2x3                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvector2d.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QQuaternion                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanFunctions                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qmovie.h                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTimeMonitor                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QtGuiDepends                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvulkaninstance.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_0_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleEvent                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanInfoVector                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qiconengineplugin.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimagereader.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleValueChangeEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDropEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QStatusTipEvent                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextDocument                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_5_core.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanInstance                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtextcursor.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanExtension                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextCharFormat                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLPaintDevice                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPageSize                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QGradientStop                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglframebufferobject.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_5_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QKeyEvent                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_3_2_Compatibility  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanDeviceFunctions              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_1_1.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFramebufferObjectFormat      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qwindow.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanLayer                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextList                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleBridge                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBrushData                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPicture                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QHideEvent                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPictureFormatPlugin                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRgba64                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qquaternion.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvector4d.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontDatabase                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextTableCell                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QMatrix2x4                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_4_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qsurface.h                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QAccessibleTableInterface           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPictureIO                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDoubleValidator                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopengl.h                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_3_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWidgetMapper                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtguiglobal.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QVulkanWindow                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qbackingstore.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_4_5_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QSessionManager                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QDrag                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qimagewriter.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QRegion                             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFontInfo                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpixmapcache.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qopenglfunctions_3_2_compatibility.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QPagedPaintDevice                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qpen.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLTimerQuery                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QWhatsThisClickedEvent              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qclipboard.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qvector3d.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qtransform.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QBackingStore                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QColor                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QFont                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_1_3                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QOpenGLFunctions_4_2_Core           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextLength                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QApplicationStateChangeEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/QTextOption                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtGui/qcolorspace.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/5.15.7/QtXkbCommonSupport/private/qxkbcommon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/QtXkbCommonSupportDepends qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/qtxkbcommonsupportversion.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/QtXkbCommonSupport     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXkbCommonSupport/QtXkbCommonSupportVersion qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomDocumentType                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNotation                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomText                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNamedNodeMap                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomCharacterData                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomAttr                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.7/QtXml/private/qdom_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.7/QtXml/private/qxml_p.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.7/QtXml/private/qtxml-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/5.15.7/QtXml/private/qdomhelpers_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlReader                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlAttributes                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomDocumentFragment                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlErrorHandler                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlLexicalHandler                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomElement                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomDocument                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlNamespaceSupport                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QtXmlVersion                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlInputSource                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qtxml-config.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlDefaultHandler                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlEntityResolver                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qxml.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qtxmlversion.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNodeList                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qtxmlglobal.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlSimpleReader                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QtXmlDepends                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomComment                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlDTDHandler                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlContentHandler                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlDeclHandler                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlParseException                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QtXml                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomImplementation                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomEntityReference                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomProcessingInstruction           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomEntity                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QXmlLocator                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/qdom.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomNode                            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXml/QDomCDATASection                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenubar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qxdgnotificationproxy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qgenericunixthemes_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbustrayicon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusplatformmenu_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qstatusnotifieritemadaptor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenuconnection_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenuregistrarproxy_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenuadaptor_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbusmenutypes_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qabstractfileiconengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/5.15.7/QtThemeSupport/private/qdbustraytypes_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/QtThemeSupportDepends      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/QtThemeSupportVersion      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/QtThemeSupport             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtThemeSupport/qtthemesupportversion.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyleoption.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsRectItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QHBoxLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsitem.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionHeader              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFocusFrame                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLineEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneEvent             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qbuttongroup.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCommandLinkButton              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsObject                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtoolbox.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdrawutil.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScroller                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicswidget.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLayoutItem             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QInputDialog                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMdiArea                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscroller.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractscrollarea.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSplitter                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolBar                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDateEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicslinearlayout.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMenuBar                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwidgetaction.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabWidgetFrame      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qformlayout.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDialogButtonBox                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtreewidget.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmenubar.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscrollbar.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmessagebox.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScrollBar                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabWidgetFrameV2    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtwidgetsversion.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractButton                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolBar             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qprogressbar.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtreewidgetitemiterator.h       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableWidget                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsScale                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyleditemdelegate.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QtWidgetsVersion                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionMenuItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfilesystemmodel.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFontComboBox                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionGraphicsItem        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTab                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcompleter.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionButton              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWhatsThis                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFileIconProvider               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QActionGroup                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlayoutitem.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtablewidget.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscrollerproperties.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsWidget                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFrameV2             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicslayout.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPinchGesture                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionSlider              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsproxywidget.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPlainTextEdit                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStatusBar                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicseffect.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcommonstyle.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWizardPage                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableWidgetItem                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionProgressBarV2       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtestsupport_widgets.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneMoveEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleHintReturnMask            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicstransform.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabV3               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStackedLayout                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsgridlayout.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmacnativewidget_mac.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsItemGroup              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsItemAnimation          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qprogressdialog.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwhatsthis.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFrameV3             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdockwidget.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtooltip.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcolumnview.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTabBar                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLayout                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSizeGrip                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QKeyEventTransition             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStylePlugin                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableView                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemDelegate                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeWidget                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QListWidgetItem                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qdockarealayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qaccessiblemenu_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwindowcontainer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicswidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qlineedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfontdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtwidgets-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qpixmapstyle_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsgridlayoutengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qpixmapstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscene_bsp_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qlistwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qbuttongroup_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qabstractscrollarea_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgesture_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/complexwidgets_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qabstractitemdelegate_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtreewidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qdesktopwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicslayoutitem_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qcolumnviewgrip_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qaccessiblewidgets_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qbasicmouseeventtransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qplaintextedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qmenubar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtreeview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qpixmapfilter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtableview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qabstractbutton_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicslayoutstyleinfo_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtablewidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtabbar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsitem_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qundostack_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qeffects_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qscrollbar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicslayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qmacgesturerecognizer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qdatetimeedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qstylehelper_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qabstractitemview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qscrollerproperties_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfusionstyle_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetresizehandler_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsanchorlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qscrollarea_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qmainwindowlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtwidgetsglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetrepaintmanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qabstractspinbox_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qitemeditorfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfileiconprovider_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwindowsstyle_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicstransform_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/itemviews_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbararealayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbarlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qbsptree_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qsplitter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qdialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtreewidgetitemiterator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtextedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qcommonstylepixmaps_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qflickgesture_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qcolumnview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qlayout_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicseffect_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbarextension_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsproxywidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qaction_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgesturemanager_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qstylesheetstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qframe_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qstandardgestures_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicssceneindex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qbasickeyeventtransition_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qkeysequenceedit_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qmdisubwindow_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwizard_win_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qmdiarea_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscene_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qcombobox_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qsidebar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetlinecontrol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qheaderview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qmenu_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwindowsstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qlabel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscenebsptreeindex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfiledialog_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfilesystemmodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetanimator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qscroller_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbar_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgettextcontrol_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfusionstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qsystemtrayicon_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qlayoutengine_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qcommonstyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qtoolbarseparator_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qaccessiblewidgetfactory_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraph_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/simplewidgets_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qsimplex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfscompleter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qlistview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetaction_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qpushbutton_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/rangecontrols_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qabstractslider_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qfileinfogatherer_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qproxystyle_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qstyleanimation_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qdockwidget_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsview_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qt_widgets_pch.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qgraphicsscenelinearindex_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgettextcontrol_p_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qwidgetitemdata_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qcompleter_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/5.15.7/QtWidgets/private/qapplication_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTitleBar            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCommonStyle                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtextedit.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdatetimeedit.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsPixmapItem             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTabWidget                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qspinbox.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QBoxLayout                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyledItemDelegate             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QApplication                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractbutton.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlineedit.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsizegrip.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneContextMenuEvent  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmdiarea.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyle.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsitemanimation.h        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qitemeditorfactory.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLCDNumber                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPlainTextDocumentLayout        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstylepainter.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcommandlinkbutton.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgesturerecognizer.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetItem                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionRubberBand          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfileiconprovider.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtabwidget.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFileSystemModel                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMdiSubWindow                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfiledialog.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyle                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractGraphicsShapeItem      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPanGesture                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolBox                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmainwindow.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItemV3          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleHintReturnVariant         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStylePainter                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QButtonGroup                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QRubberBand                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFocusRect           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qundostack.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStackedWidget                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSizePolicy                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QOpenGLWidget                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractSlider                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionComboBox            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsAnchor                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSlider                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLayoutItem                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionFrame               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractSpinBox                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgridlayout.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtableview.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractitemview.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTapAndHoldGesture              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QListWidget                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qaccessiblewidget.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDataWidgetMapper               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSpacerItem                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneMouseEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeView                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractslider.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAccessibleWidget               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneWheelEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWizard                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgesture.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcombobox.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcolordialog.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlcdnumber.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qframe.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicslayoutitem.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlayout.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdesktopwidget.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsProxyWidget            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDesktopWidget                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtoolbutton.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFormLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractItemView               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdial.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qapplication.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLayout                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsOpacityEffect          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTileRules                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdialog.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFrame                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTapGesture                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdatawidgetmapper.h             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleFactory                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTableWidgetSelectionRange      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QPushButton                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qkeysequenceedit.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QColumnView                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qitemdelegate.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoView                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetAction                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtoolbar.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMouseEventTransition           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleHintReturn                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QComboBox                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFileDialog                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabV4               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDateTimeEdit                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionSizeGrip            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionSpinBox             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneHelpEvent         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsizepolicy.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstylefactory.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmouseeventtransition.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoStack                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsGridLayout             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScrollerProperties             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qradiobutton.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractspinbox.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionComplex             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QHeaderView                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qerrormessage.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QColormap                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QColorDialog                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstackedwidget.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDial                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSplitterHandle                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSimpleTextItem         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionGroupBox            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolBoxV2           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMacNativeWidget                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcheckbox.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionDockWidget          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMainWindow                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qheaderview.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetItemV2                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QProxyStyle                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoGroup                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabBarBase          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qinputdialog.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsTransform              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCheckBox                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsBlurEffect             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcalendarwidget.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qaction.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsEllipseItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsplitter.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemEditorCreatorBase          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtwidgets-config.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSplashScreen                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsView                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QShortcut                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qplaintextedit.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSwipeGesture                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QScrollArea                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QProgressDialog                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsAnchorLayout           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionProgressBar         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsplashscreen.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGesture                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfontcombobox.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstackedlayout.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLinearLayout           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qrubberband.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmenu.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractItemDelegate           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidget                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QErrorMessage                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qscrollarea.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsDropShadowEffect       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qundogroup.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeWidgetItemIterator         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSpinBox                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmdisubwindow.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtextbrowser.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsScene                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsTextItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QFontDialog                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionDockWidgetV2        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsPathItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStandardItemEditorCreator      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolTip                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtabbar.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsItem                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGestureRecognizer              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtreeview.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qpushbutton.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCompleter                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstyleplugin.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QCalendarWidget                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qboxlayout.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QProgressBar                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QLabel                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsview.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTreeWidgetItem                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qundoview.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsLineItem               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qproxystyle.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTextEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlabel.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAbstractScrollArea             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwidget.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDoubleSpinBox                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qtwidgetsglobal.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qshortcut.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QAction                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemEditorCreator              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneResizeEvent       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QItemEditorFactory              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTimeEdit                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QWidgetData                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qsystemtrayicon.h               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneHoverEvent        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolButton          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItemV2          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qmaccocoaviewcontainer_mac.h    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QSystemTrayIcon                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionViewItemV4          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QtWidgetsDepends                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionToolBox             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsanchorlayout.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsColorizeEffect         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGridLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QtWidgets                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QKeySequenceEdit                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QRadioButton                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QToolButton                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlistwidget.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QListView                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicsscene.h                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabBarBaseV2        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsSceneDragDropEvent     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qstatusbar.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgraphicssceneevent.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qopenglwidget.h                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qcolormap.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMacCocoaViewContainer          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMessageBox                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qwizard.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QUndoCommand                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOptionTabV2               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDirModel                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsPolygonItem            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QTextBrowser                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qslider.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfocusframe.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qkeyeventtransition.h           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qactiongroup.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qlistview.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdialogbuttonbox.h              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGroupBox                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qfontdialog.h                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QStyleOption                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsEffect                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qgroupbox.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGraphicsRotation               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDialog                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QMenu                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qdirmodel.h                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QGestureEvent                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QVBoxLayout                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/qabstractitemdelegate.h         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWidgets/QDockWidget                     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqltablemodel.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlindex.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRelationalTableModel            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqldriver.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qtsql-config.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlError                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriverCreator                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsql.h                              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QtSqlDepends                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qsqldriver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qtsqlglobal_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qsqlnulldriver_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qtsql-config_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qsqlcachedresult_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qsqltablemodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qsqlresult_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/5.15.7/QtSql/private/qsqlquerymodel_p.h qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriverPlugin                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlquery.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlrelationaldelegate.h            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqldriverplugin.h                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRelation                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSql                                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlTableModel                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qtsqlversion.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriver                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDriverCreatorBase               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRecord                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlIndex                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlresult.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlDatabase                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlResult                          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlRelationalDelegate              qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlquerymodel.h                    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqldatabase.h                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlerror.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QtSqlVersion                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlfield.h                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlQuery                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlField                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QtSql                               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/QSqlQueryModel                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlrelationaltablemodel.h          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qsqlrecord.h                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSql/qtsqlglobal.h                       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rcc                                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qlalr                                         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdbusxml2cpp                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdbuscpp2xml                                  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qvkgen                                        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/moc                                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/uic                                           qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtx11extras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtnetworkauth.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtsensors.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebview.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwayland.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtscxml.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtspeech.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtdoc.qdocconf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtbase.qdocconf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtsvg.qdocconf     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtconnectivity.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtremoteobjects.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtpurchasing.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qttools.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtdeclarative.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtlottie.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtscript.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtgraphicaleffects.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtactiveqt.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtquickcontrols2.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebsockets.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qt3d.qdocconf      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtvirtualkeyboard.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtquickcontrols.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtserialbus.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtlocation.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtmultimedia.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtimageformats.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtserialport.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebengine.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwebchannel.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtcharts.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtdatavis3d.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtwinextras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtxmlpatterns.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtmacextras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtgamepad.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/config/exampleurl-qtandroidextras.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/manifest-meta.qdocconf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-html-templates-offline.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-config.qdocconf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-html-templates-online.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/macros.qdocconf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults-offline.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes-online/search.qdoc   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-header-offline.qdocconf  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults-online-commercial.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites.qdocconf        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes/module-use.qdocinc   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes/standardpath/functiondocs.qdocinc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/includes/examples-run.qdocinc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-header-online.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-footer-online.qdocconf   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/qt-webpages.qdoc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/qtcreator.qdoc  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/rfc.qdoc        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/externalsites/external-resources.qdoc qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-html-templates-offline-simple.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_l_blank.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-logo.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/home.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/sprites-combined.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/page_bg.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/header_bg.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/breadcrumb.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/ico_out.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/page.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/feedbackground.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/btn_next.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_up.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/arrow.png     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/blu_dot.png   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_dn.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/spinner.gif   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/ico_note_attention.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_ll_blank.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/horBar.png    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/btn_prev.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/ico_note.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/arrow_bc.png  qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/arrow_down.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/box_bg.png    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_r.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_gt.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bgrContent.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-gradient.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/logo.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_ul_blank.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bg_l.png      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/bullet_sq.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-footer-bg.jpg qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-header-bg.jpg qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-dark_gradient.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/images/Qt-footer_shadow.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/cookiebar-x.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/theqtcompany.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.woff   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/doc_search.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.svg    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/online.css     qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/cookie-confirm.css qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/gsc.css        qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/offline-simple.css qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/offline.css    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.ttf    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/list_arrow.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/list_expand.png qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/style/icomoon.eot    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/scripts/extras.js    qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/template/scripts/main.js      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/config.qdocconf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/fileextensions.qdocconf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-cpp-defines.qdocconf       qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/html-footer.qdocconf          qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/compat.qdocconf               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt/global/qt-module-defaults-online.qdocconf qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtbase/LICENSE                      qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqico.so                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqgif.so                qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqjpeg.so               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/bearer/libqgenericbearer.so            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/bearer/libqnmbearer.so                 qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/bearer/libqconnmanbearer.so            qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/generic/libqtuiotouchplugin.so         qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platformthemes/libqxdgdesktopportal.so qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqxcb.so                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqoffscreen.so             qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqvnc.so                   qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforms/libqminimal.so               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sqldrivers/libqsqlite.so               qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforminputcontexts/libibusplatforminputcontextplugin.so qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platforminputcontexts/libcomposeplatforminputcontextplugin.so qt5-qtbase
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.a              qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.prl            qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlmin                           qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlcachegen                      qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmltyperegistrar                 qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmllint                          qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlformat                        qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlimportscanner                 qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.prl            qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.a              qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlimportscanner                 qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmltyperegistrar                 qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlmin                           qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlformat                        qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmlcachegen                      qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qmllint                          qt5-qtdeclarative-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgetsDepends      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgetsVersion      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/qtquickwidgetsglobal.h     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgets             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/5.15.3/QtQuickWidgets/private/qquickwidget_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QQuickWidget               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/qquickwidget.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/qtquickwidgetsversion.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/QtQmlWorkerScript       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.3/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qqmlworkerscriptmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.3/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qv4serialize_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.3/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qtqmlworkerscriptglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.3/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qquickworkerscript_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/QtQmlWorkerScriptVersion qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/QtQmlWorkerScriptDepends qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/qtqmlworkerscriptversion.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/qtqmlworkerscriptglobal.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/qtqmldebugversion.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/QtQmlDebug                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginedebugclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qv4debugclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugmessageclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginedebugclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerevent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilereventtype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlpreviewclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilereventlocation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginecontrolclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugconnection_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginecontrolclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlinspectorclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlpreviewclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugtranslationclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlinspectorclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qv4debugclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerclientdefinitions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilertypedevent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.3/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilereventreceiver_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/QtQmlDebugDepends              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/QtQmlDebugVersion              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/qtpacketprotocolversion.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/5.15.3/QtPacketProtocol/private/qpacket_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/5.15.3/QtPacketProtocol/private/qpacketprotocol_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/5.15.3/QtPacketProtocol/private/qversionedpacket_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/QtPacketProtocolVersion  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/QtPacketProtocol         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/QtPacketProtocolDepends  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/qtqmlmodelsglobal.h           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistaccessor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistmodelworkeragent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistmodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmladaptormodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlinstantiator_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qtqmlmodels-config_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmltableinstancemodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlchangeset_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmldelegatemodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qquickpackage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistcompositor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlmodelsmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistmodel_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlobjectmodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlabstractdelegatecomponent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmldelegatemodel_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlinstantiator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.3/QtQmlModels/private/qtqmlmodelsglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/qtqmlmodels-config.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/QtQmlModels                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/QtQmlModelsDepends            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/qtqmlmodelsversion.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/QtQmlModelsVersion            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/qquickshapesglobal.h        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/QtQuickShapesDepends        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapesglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshape_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquicknvprfunctions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshape_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquicknvprfunctions_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapegenericrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapenvprrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.3/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapesoftwarerenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/QtQuickShapes               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/QtQuickShapesVersion        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/qtquickshapesversion.h      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterialshader.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGEngine                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleRectNode                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleMaterial                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGDynamicTexture                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGImageNode                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterialrhishader.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterialRhiShader              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickRenderControl               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qtquick-config.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGGeometryNode                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleMaterialShader           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgsimplerectnode.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickTextDocument                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgsimpletexturenode.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsggeometry.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickItemGrabResult              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickTransform                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickimageprovider.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGBasicGeometryNode              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgrendernode.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgvertexcolormaterial.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterialType                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgninepatchnode.h                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickFramebufferObject           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QtQuickVersion                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleTextureNode              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgtexture.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGFlatColorMaterial              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgengine.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterial                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTransformNode                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRendererInterface              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickView                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultrendercontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickflipable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedimage_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpinchhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepainternode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickloader_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhitextureglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickcanvasitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhidistancefieldglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickshadereffectmesh_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickevents_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportitems_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickrepeater_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickmultipointhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemsmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickborderimage_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemviewtransition_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderablenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgthreadedrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpathview_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpathinterpolator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpathview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextedit_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarecontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextdocument_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickcanvascontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupport_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerdevicehandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatorjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickopenglshadereffect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportmetainfo_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickspriteengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarelayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgbatchrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickspritesequence_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickshadereffect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextutil_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextmetrics_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpointhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickbehavior_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickrectangle_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdepthstencilbuffer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickprofiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimationcontroller_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickstyledtext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpropertychanges_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktranslate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgbasicglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultpainternode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicklistview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdistancefieldglyphnode_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarethreadedrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemchangelistener_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpincharea_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktaphandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickgenericshadereffect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemview_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktableview_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpincharea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickflickablebehavior_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgopenglatlastexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgnodeupdater_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgmaterialshader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktext_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgbasicinternalimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextinput_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickstate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickhandlerpoint_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktableview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgbasicinternalrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgopengllayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickspringanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdroparea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksprite_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickwindow_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignercustomobjectdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdraghandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickfontmetrics_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgcontextplugin_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qtquick2_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportproperties_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultinternalrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgopengldistancefieldglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpositioners_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhisupport_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpath_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickmousearea_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickshadereffectsource_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickscalegrid_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickstategroup_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignerwindowmanager_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickmultipointtoucharea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepixmaprenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgcompressedatlastexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareinternalimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksvgparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimagebase_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitemviewfxitem_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedsprite_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickvaluetypes_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksystempalette_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2dtexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktransition_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimagebase_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickflickable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qqmldesignermetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdragaxis_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickstateoperations_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickstatechangescript_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickclipnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickmousearea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickaccessiblefactory_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickvalidator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickscreen_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickwheelhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextedit_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhishadereffectnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultninepatchnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktransitionmanager_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksinglepointhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qtquickglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhivisualizer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickforeignutils_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhilayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgcompressedtexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimplicitsizeitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgmaterialrhishader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qaccessiblequickitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsggeometry_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickgraphicsinfo_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2dtile_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpainteditem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickflickable_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickshortcut_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksmoothedanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpixmapcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgshadersourcebuilder_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgopenglvisualizer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimator_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickopenglshadereffectnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanchors_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedsprite_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgabstractsoftwarerenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarespritenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksinglepointhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextcontrol_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpath_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickhoverhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2dcommandbuffer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgareaallocator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktimeline_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderlistbuilder_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimplicitsizeitem_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qtquick-config_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickopenglinfo_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextcontrol_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextnodeengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgwindowsrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickrepeater_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickaccessibleattached_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickborderimage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedimage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgadaptationlayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareadaptation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepublicnodes_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportstates_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicksmoothedanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpositioners_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickrectangle_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimage_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultspritenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickrendercontrol_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickmultipointhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerdevicehandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquicktextinput_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickapplication_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdrag_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickfontloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrendernode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgrhiatlastexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickstate_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgtexturereader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatorcontroller_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderablenodeupdater_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgtexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepixmaptexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickanchors_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickfocusscope_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickspritesequence_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgabstractrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultglyphnode_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultinternalimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickwindowmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2d_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignercustomparserobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickwheelhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareinternalrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportpropertychanges_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgplaintexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qaccessiblequickview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgtexturematerial_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickgridview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickwindowattached_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qquickimageprovider_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.3/QtQuick/private/qsgdistancefieldglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgsimplematerial.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquicktextdocument.h              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickrendercontrol.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgnode.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGOpacityNode                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QtQuickDepends                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickframebufferobject.h         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickImageProvider               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qtquickversion.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterial.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGGeometry                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGClipNode                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qtquickglobal.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleMaterialComparableMaterial qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGNodeVisitor                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRootNode                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRenderNode                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRectangleNode                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgtexturematerial.h              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickWindow                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgrectanglenode.h                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterialtype.h                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickview.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGVertexColorMaterial            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickItem                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QtQuick                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickTextureFactory              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGNode                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTextureProvider                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgflatcolormaterial.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickitem.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGAbstractRenderer               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGOpaqueTextureMaterial          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTextureMaterial                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickwindow.h                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGNinePatchNode                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickpainteditem.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTexture                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickAsyncImageProvider          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickImageResponse               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgabstractrenderer.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgrendererinterface.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickPaintedItem                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickitemgrabresult.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgimagenode.h                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterialShader                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgtextureprovider.h              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/qtquicktestversion.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/5.15.3/QtQuickTest/private/qtestoptions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/5.15.3/QtQuickTest/private/quicktestresult_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/5.15.3/QtQuickTest/private/quicktest_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/QtQuickTestDepends            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/quicktest.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/quicktestglobal.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/QtQuickTest                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/QtQuickTestVersion            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlAbstractUrlInterceptor          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlDebuggingEnabler                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlModuleRegistration              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqmlglobal.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmldebug.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqmlcompilerglobal.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlproperty.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqml-config.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlTypesExtensionInterface         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlfileselector.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlextensionplugin.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlIncubator                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlInfo                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlProperties                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlListProperty                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlParserStatus                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlEngineExtensionInterface        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlFileSelector                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qjsvalue.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlExpression                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlextensioninterface.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlexpression.h                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QtQmlDepends                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlparserstatus.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlprivate.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlNetworkAccessManagerFactory     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlabstracturlinterceptor.h        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlerror.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlstaticmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4executablecompilationunit_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljavascriptexpression_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlvme_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlproperty_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmllistwrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qtqml-config_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4string_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4atomics_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlprofilerdefinitions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyvalueinterceptor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4calldata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlbuiltinfunctions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlvmemetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4staticvalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypenotavailable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertydata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlconfigurabledebugservice_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlstringconverters_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycachevector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4regexp_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4mathobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypecompiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyindex_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4setiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4writebarrier_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlmodelindexvaluetype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4global_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4jsonobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4sequenceobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlopenmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsastvisitor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlenumdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4baselineassembler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4dateobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4arraydata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4bytecodegenerator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4regexpobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qjsvalue_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugserverconnection_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlboundsignalexpressionpointer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypemodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4persistent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4errorobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4enginebase_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4executableallocator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmllocale_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4iterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qcontinuinganimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlabstractprofileradapter_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4typedarray_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloadernetworkreplyproxy_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4module_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qabstractanimationjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qbitfield_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4script_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlnullablevalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qtqmlglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltimer_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlxmlhttprequest_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlproxymetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qhashedstring_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlboundsignal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4estable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4vme_moth_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4function_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4value_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4heap_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4managed_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compilercontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qparallelanimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypemoduleversion_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4mm_p.h      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4functionobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlguard_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloaderthread_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/inlinecomponentutils_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4stackframe_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4qmlcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4internalclass_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugservicefactory_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldirparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4debugging_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4memberdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qpodvector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4runtime_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltype_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4arrayobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypedata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlscriptdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugconnector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlcomponentattached_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlcleanup_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4stringobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4property_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlprofiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlobjectcreator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlrefcount_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloaderqmldircontent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsfixedpoolarray_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4symbol_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4reflect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlmetatypedata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qml_compile_hash_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlapplicationengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4jscall_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4numberobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlapiversion_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4include_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qlazilyallocated_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsast_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldatablob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlcomponent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4dataview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compilerscanfunctions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compileddata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4stringtoarrayindex_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4instr_moth_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlbinding_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qrecursionwatcher_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlimport_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlvaluetypewrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldirdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyvalidator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compilercontrolflow_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4arrayiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4scopedvalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsmemorypool_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmllist_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsdiagnosticmessage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugstatesdelegate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlscriptstring_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlscriptblob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qintrusivelist_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4functiontable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4baselinejit_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypenamecache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldelayedcallqueue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qfinitestack_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4runtimeapi_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compilationunitmapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypewrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlvaluetypeproxybinding_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlirbuilder_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qrecyclepool_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugserver_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4objectiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qpauseanimationjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4identifier_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qstringhash_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qjsengine_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4profiling_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlthread_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlconnections_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qtqmlcompilerglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qjsvalueiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4context_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsgrammar_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycachecreator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypemodule_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugserviceinterfaces_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qsequentialanimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4util_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4proxy_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlirloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4arraybuffer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4generatorobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlextensionplugin_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlbind_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4object_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4bytecodehandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4sqlerrors_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltype_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlnotifier_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlloggingcategory_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4math_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4stringiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlplatform_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4variantobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qanimationjobutil_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljsastfwd_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlenumvalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4setobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4objectproto_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4mapiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4argumentsobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljskeywords_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldata_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qflagpointer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlvaluetype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlobjectorgadget_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4codegen_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugservice_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4globalobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4compilerglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4sparsearray_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyresolver_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4domerrors_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4booleanobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4assemblercommon_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycachemethodarguments_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qlinkedstringhash_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlexpression_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4engine_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4propertykey_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qanimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4runtimecodegen_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmldebugpluginmanager_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qfieldlist_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljslexer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4vtable_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4lookup_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4identifiertable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4promiseobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlsourcecoordinate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4qobjectwrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlmetatype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlcustomparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4mmdefs_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4alloca_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmljssourcelocation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlincubator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qprimefornumbits_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlfileselector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qv4mapobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.3/QtQml/private/qqmlabstractbinding_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlnetworkaccessmanagerfactory.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqmlversion.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlExtensionPlugin                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlExtensionInterface              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlcontext.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlListReference                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqml.h                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlEngineExtensionPlugin           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlmoduleregistration.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlinfo.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QtQmlVersion                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSValue                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlScriptString                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmllist.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlFile                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlContext                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSEngine                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSValueIterator                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlPropertyValueSource             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlTypeInfo                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlpropertymap.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlpropertyvaluesource.h           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlengine.h                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlfile.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlscriptstring.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSValueList                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlProperty                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qjsvalueiterator.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlIncubationController            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlApplicationEngine               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qjsengine.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlComponent                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QtQml                               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlincubator.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlError                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QmlTypeAndRevisionsRegistration     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlapplicationengine.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlPropertyMap                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlEngine                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlImageProviderBase               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlcomponent.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so.5                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDebug.prl                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so.5.15                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PacketProtocol.a                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Qml.pc                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Quick.pc                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QmlWorkerScript.pc               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QmlModels.pc                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickTest.pc                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickWidgets.pc                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so.5                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so                                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so.5.15                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5.15                             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.prl                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.prl                               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PacketProtocol.prl                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so.5.15                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so.5.15.3               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.a                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.prl                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.prl                                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5.15.3                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5.15                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5                                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so.5                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5.15.3                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/test/qtestroot/qmldir               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/test/qtestroot/plugins.qmltypes     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/settings/qmldir                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/settings/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/settings/libqmlsettingsplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/sharedimage/qmldir             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/sharedimage/plugins.qmltypes   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/sharedimage/libsharedimageplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/qmlmodels/qmldir               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/qmlmodels/plugins.qmltypes     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/qmlmodels/liblabsmodelsplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/animation/qmldir               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/animation/plugins.qmltypes     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/animation/liblabsanimationplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/folderlistmodel/libqmlfolderlistmodelplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/folderlistmodel/qmldir         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/folderlistmodel/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/wavefrontmesh/qmldir           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/wavefrontmesh/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/wavefrontmesh/libqmlwavefrontmeshplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/SignalSpy.qml                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/qmldir                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/plugins.qmltypes                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/TestCase.qml                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/libqmltestplugin.so             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/testlogger.js                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/builtins.qmltypes                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Shapes/qmldir                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Shapes/plugins.qmltypes        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Shapes/libqmlshapesplugin.so   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Layouts/qmldir                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Layouts/plugins.qmltypes       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Layouts/libqquicklayoutsplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Window.2/libwindowplugin.so    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Window.2/qmldir                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Window.2/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/LocalStorage/libqmllocalstorageplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/LocalStorage/qmldir            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/LocalStorage/plugins.qmltypes  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/qmldir                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/plugins.qmltypes                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/Models.2/qmldir                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/Models.2/plugins.qmltypes        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/Models.2/libmodelsplugin.so      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/libqmlplugin.so                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/StateMachine/qmldir              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/StateMachine/plugins.qmltypes    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/StateMachine/libqtqmlstatemachine.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/WorkerScript.2/qmldir            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/WorkerScript.2/plugins.qmltypes  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/WorkerScript.2/libworkerscriptplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick.2/qmldir                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick.2/plugins.qmltypes             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick.2/libqtquick2plugin.so         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickwidgets_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickshapes_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlmodels.pri       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qml_private.pri     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmltest_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlworkerscript.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qml.pri             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlmodels_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_packetprotocol_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmldebug_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quick.pri           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmltest.pri         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quick_private.pri   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmldevtools_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlworkerscript_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickwidgets.pri    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qtquickcompiler.prf       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmlcache.prf              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmltypes.prf              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.prl                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so.5                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5.15                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5.15.3                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.prl                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so.5.15.3                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDebug.a                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickShapes/Qt5QuickShapesConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickShapes/Qt5QuickShapesConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlModels/Qt5QmlModelsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlModels/Qt5QmlModelsConfig.cmake   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QDebugMessageServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QTcpServerConnectionFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlProfilerServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlDebuggerServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlDebugServerFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlNativeDebugServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlInspectorServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QLocalClientConnectionFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlPreviewServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5QmlConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQuickProfilerAdapterFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlNativeDebugConnectorFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5QmlConfigExtras.cmake         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5QmlConfig.cmake               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickCompiler/Qt5QuickCompilerConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Quick/Qt5QuickConfigVersion.cmake    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Quick/Qt5QuickConfig.cmake           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDebug/Qt5QmlDebugConfig.cmake     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDebug/Qt5QmlDebugConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDevTools/Qt5QmlDevToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDevTools/Qt5QmlDevToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickWidgets/Qt5QuickWidgetsConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickWidgets/Qt5QuickWidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlWorkerScript/Qt5QmlWorkerScriptConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlWorkerScript/Qt5QmlWorkerScriptConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PacketProtocol/Qt5PacketProtocolConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PacketProtocol/Qt5PacketProtocolConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlImportScanner/Qt5QmlImportScannerConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlImportScanner/Qt5QmlImportScannerTemplate.cpp.in qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTest/Qt5QuickTestConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTest/Qt5QuickTestConfig.cmake   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so.5.15.3                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so                                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so.5.15.3                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.prl                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.prl                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5qmlmodels_metatypes.json         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5qmlworkerscript_metatypes.json   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5qml_metatypes.json               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5quick_metatypes.json             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5quickshapes_metatypes.json       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5quicktest_metatypes.json         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so.5.15                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlmin                                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlcachegen                                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlpreview                                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmltyperegistrar                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmltestrunner                                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qml                                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmllint                                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlformat                                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmltime                                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlimportscanner                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlscene                                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtdeclarative/LICENSE               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_profiler.so       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_server.so         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_quickprofiler.so  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_local.so          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_tcp.so            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_native.so         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_debugger.so       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_inspector.so      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_messages.so       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_nativedebugger.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_preview.so        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5.15.7                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Quick.pc                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickTest.pc                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Qml.pc                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickWidgets.pc                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QmlModels.pc                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QmlWorkerScript.pc               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.prl                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so.5                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so.5.15                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDebug.a                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.prl                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so.5.15                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PacketProtocol.prl                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so.5.15.7                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5                                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmltypes.prf              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qtquickcompiler.prf       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/features/qmlcache.prf              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmldebug_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlmodels_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlworkerscript_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickwidgets.pri    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmltest.pri         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_packetprotocol_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qml.pri             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlworkerscript.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmldevtools_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quick.pri           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qml_private.pri     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickwidgets_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmlmodels.pri       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quick_private.pri   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qmltest_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickshapes_private.pri qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/builtins.qmltypes                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Layouts/plugins.qmltypes       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Layouts/libqquicklayoutsplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Layouts/qmldir                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/LocalStorage/plugins.qmltypes  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/LocalStorage/qmldir            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/LocalStorage/libqmllocalstorageplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Window.2/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Window.2/qmldir                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Window.2/libwindowplugin.so    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Shapes/plugins.qmltypes        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Shapes/qmldir                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Shapes/libqmlshapesplugin.so   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/plugins.qmltypes                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/qmldir                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/StateMachine/plugins.qmltypes    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/StateMachine/qmldir              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/StateMachine/libqtqmlstatemachine.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/WorkerScript.2/libworkerscriptplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/WorkerScript.2/plugins.qmltypes  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/WorkerScript.2/qmldir            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/libqmlplugin.so                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/Models.2/plugins.qmltypes        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/Models.2/qmldir                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQml/Models.2/libmodelsplugin.so      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick.2/plugins.qmltypes             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick.2/qmldir                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick.2/libqtquick2plugin.so         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/testlogger.js                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/plugins.qmltypes                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/libqmltestplugin.so             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/qmldir                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/TestCase.qml                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtTest/SignalSpy.qml                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/settings/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/settings/libqmlsettingsplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/settings/qmldir                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/folderlistmodel/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/folderlistmodel/qmldir         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/folderlistmodel/libqmlfolderlistmodelplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/animation/plugins.qmltypes     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/animation/qmldir               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/animation/liblabsanimationplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/wavefrontmesh/libqmlwavefrontmeshplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/wavefrontmesh/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/wavefrontmesh/qmldir           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/sharedimage/plugins.qmltypes   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/sharedimage/qmldir             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/sharedimage/libsharedimageplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/qmlmodels/plugins.qmltypes     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/qmlmodels/qmldir               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/qmlmodels/liblabsmodelsplugin.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/test/qtestroot/plugins.qmltypes     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/test/qtestroot/qmldir               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so.5                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5.15                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5.15                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so.5                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so.5.15                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so.5.15                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTest.so.5                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so.5.15.7               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.prl                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so                                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.prl                               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5.15.7                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDebug.prl                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5.15                             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Quick.so                                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickShapes.so.5.15.7                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.prl                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5.15.7                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.prl                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Qml.prl                                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.prl                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5qmlmodels_metatypes.json         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5quickshapes_metatypes.json       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5qml_metatypes.json               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5quick_metatypes.json             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5qmlworkerscript_metatypes.json   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/metatypes/qt5quicktest_metatypes.json         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PacketProtocol.a                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlDevTools.a                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlWorkerScript.so                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QmlModels.so.5.15.7                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickCompiler/Qt5QuickCompilerConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickWidgets/Qt5QuickWidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickWidgets/Qt5QuickWidgetsConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Quick/Qt5QuickConfig.cmake           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Quick/Qt5QuickConfigVersion.cmake    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTest/Qt5QuickTestConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTest/Qt5QuickTestConfig.cmake   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDevTools/Qt5QmlDevToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDevTools/Qt5QmlDevToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDebug/Qt5QmlDebugConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlDebug/Qt5QmlDebugConfig.cmake     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlImportScanner/Qt5QmlImportScannerTemplate.cpp.in qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlImportScanner/Qt5QmlImportScannerConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PacketProtocol/Qt5PacketProtocolConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PacketProtocol/Qt5PacketProtocolConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlWorkerScript/Qt5QmlWorkerScriptConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlWorkerScript/Qt5QmlWorkerScriptConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlModels/Qt5QmlModelsConfig.cmake   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QmlModels/Qt5QmlModelsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlNativeDebugServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5QmlConfig.cmake               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlDebugServerFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlProfilerServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlPreviewServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlNativeDebugConnectorFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlDebuggerServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QLocalClientConnectionFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QTcpServerConnectionFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQuickProfilerAdapterFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QDebugMessageServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5QmlConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5QmlConfigExtras.cmake         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Qml/Qt5Qml_QQmlInspectorServiceFactory.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickShapes/Qt5QuickShapesConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickShapes/Qt5QuickShapesConfig.cmake qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/QtQuickTest                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/qtquicktestversion.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/5.15.7/QtQuickTest/private/quicktestresult_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/5.15.7/QtQuickTest/private/quicktest_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/5.15.7/QtQuickTest/private/qtestoptions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/quicktest.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/QtQuickTestVersion            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/QtQuickTestDepends            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTest/quicktestglobal.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTextureProvider                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickpainteditem.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgrendererinterface.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterialRhiShader              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickitem.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickTextDocument                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleMaterialShader           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgengine.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QtQuick                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTextureMaterial                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickitemgrabresult.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGEngine                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qtquickversion.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QtQuickVersion                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleRectNode                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickView                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleTextureNode              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgsimplematerial.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickAsyncImageProvider          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickwindowattached_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksystempalette_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgopenglvisualizer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickgridview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksmoothedanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksmoothedanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgbasicglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickshadereffect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickrepeater_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareadaptation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgcompressedatlastexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgadaptationlayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickscalegrid_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickbehavior_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickcanvascontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhidistancefieldglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickgraphicsinfo_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultrendercontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedimage_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultglyphnode_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarelayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickgenericshadereffect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextedit_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhilayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarecontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpixmapcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhitextureglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepixmaptexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdepthstencilbuffer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickfontloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2dcommandbuffer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextutil_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignercustomobjectdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrendernode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderablenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickwindow_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpainteditem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdragaxis_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktranslate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickflickable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdistancefieldglyphnode_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickscreen_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpathinterpolator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgbasicinternalrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpropertychanges_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickaccessibleattached_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgabstractsoftwarerenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksvgparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickstate_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickloader_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpathview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickclipnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemviewfxitem_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderablenodeupdater_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickwheelhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgopengldistancefieldglyphcache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportstates_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpath_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextinput_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qaccessiblequickview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdroparea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickspringanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhishadereffectnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultninepatchnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignerwindowmanager_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgplaintexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickflickable_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgcontextplugin_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultpainternode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgcompressedtexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedsprite_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdrag_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickshadereffectsource_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickfocusscope_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickshortcut_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickmultipointtoucharea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickopenglshadereffect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportmetainfo_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickprofiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerdevicehandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickopenglinfo_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickspriteengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepixmaprenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgbasicinternalimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickhoverhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickstategroup_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qtquickglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextedit_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderlistbuilder_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2dtexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgwindowsrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimplicitsizeitem_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgthreadedrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickstateoperations_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarespritenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickapplication_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsggeometry_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepublicnodes_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktaphandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2dtile_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickrectangle_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatorjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickrectangle_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickhandlerpoint_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhivisualizer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickstate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimageprovider_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemsmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickshadereffectmesh_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemview_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportproperties_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktransition_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicklistview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedsprite_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickwheelhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultinternalimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimator_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktext_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextcontrol_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qaccessiblequickitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanchors_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemchangelistener_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickmousearea_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickspritesequence_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickflipable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgshadersourcebuilder_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickcontext2d_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickopenglshadereffectnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickborderimage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatedimage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimage_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktimeline_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextcontrol_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgareaallocator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgnodeupdater_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickrendercontrol_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickspritesequence_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultspritenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qqmldesignermetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanchors_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgopenglatlastexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpincharea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickmultipointhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickcanvasitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarepainternode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickstyledtext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareinternalimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktableview_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultimagenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksinglepointhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickevents_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickaccessiblefactory_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarethreadedrenderloop_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickfontmetrics_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickvaluetypes_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpincharea_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgmaterialrhishader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupport_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktableview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpath_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickvalidator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpointerdevicehandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgtexturematerial_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpathview_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgbatchrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimagebase_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimatorcontroller_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpinchhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickflickablebehavior_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickstatechangescript_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhiatlastexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpositioners_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignercustomparserobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrhisupport_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickborderimage_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickforeignutils_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimplicitsizeitem_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgmaterialshader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qtquick-config_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextinput_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextnodeengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickmousearea_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickimagebase_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdraghandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgtexture_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickwindowmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwarerenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickrepeater_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgopengllayer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextdocument_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickanimationcontroller_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgabstractrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qtquick2_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktransitionmanager_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportitems_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpointhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicktextmetrics_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksprite_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickpositioners_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickitemviewtransition_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickmultipointhandler_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquicksinglepointhandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdistancefieldglyphnode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgsoftwareinternalrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qquickdesignersupportpropertychanges_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgdefaultinternalrectanglenode_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/5.15.7/QtQuick/private/qsgtexturereader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGNode                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRootNode                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickImageResponse               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTransformNode                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleMaterialComparableMaterial qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGImageNode                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickFramebufferObject           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterialType                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickItemGrabResult              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickPaintedItem                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickTextureFactory              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterialrhishader.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGFlatColorMaterial              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRenderNode                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgabstractrenderer.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsggeometry.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QtQuickDepends                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgrendernode.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickWindow                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgrectanglenode.h                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGOpacityNode                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgtexture.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGVertexColorMaterial            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgtextureprovider.h              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickTransform                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgtexturematerial.h              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGNodeVisitor                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickview.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickItem                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGTexture                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgsimpletexturenode.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgsimplerectnode.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgimagenode.h                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickframebufferobject.h         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGSimpleMaterial                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qtquickglobal.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickrendercontrol.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGAbstractRenderer               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickimageprovider.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterialtype.h                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgvertexcolormaterial.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGGeometryNode                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquicktextdocument.h              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterial                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qquickwindow.h                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterial.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGOpaqueTextureMaterial          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRendererInterface              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGGeometry                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGRectangleNode                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgninepatchnode.h                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGMaterialShader                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGDynamicTexture                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgflatcolormaterial.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickRenderControl               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QQuickImageProvider               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgmaterialshader.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGClipNode                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qtquick-config.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/qsgnode.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGBasicGeometryNode              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuick/QSGNinePatchNode                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlDebuggingEnabler                qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlerror.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlModuleRegistration              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlExtensionPlugin                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlFileSelector                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqmlcompilerglobal.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlEngineExtensionPlugin           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlInfo                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlExpression                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QtQmlVersion                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlPropertyValueSource             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QmlTypeAndRevisionsRegistration     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlfileselector.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qjsvalue.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlcomponent.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QtQml                               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlError                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlextensionplugin.h               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4script_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypecompiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4estable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlvmemetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qjsvalueiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloaderthread_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugservice_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlbind_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4executableallocator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compileddata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qml_compile_hash_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlexpression_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qfieldlist_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qcontinuinganimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compilerscanfunctions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlscriptblob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4runtimecodegen_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4promiseobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypewrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4dataview_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qhashedstring_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qabstractanimationjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4jscall_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4identifier_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlconnections_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compilerglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlabstractbinding_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/inlinecomponentutils_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qlinkedstringhash_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qintrusivelist_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qanimationjobutil_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsastfwd_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4stringiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmllist_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyvalidator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4qmlcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlincubator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4include_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlirloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4vme_moth_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycachemethodarguments_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4booleanobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qfinitestack_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlapiversion_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4runtime_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4mathobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertydata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4iterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljskeywords_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4enginebase_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compilercontrolflow_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4writebarrier_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4property_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4lookup_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlapplicationengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4sequenceobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qpodvector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmllistwrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlcleanup_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloader_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltype_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugserverconnection_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4vtable_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4mmdefs_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlimport_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4calldata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4arrayiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4arrayobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qlazilyallocated_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycachevector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlstaticmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qpauseanimationjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4bytecodehandler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4globalobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4variantobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlobjectorgadget_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlenumdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qtqml-config_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4sqlerrors_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyindex_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsmemorypool_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4stringobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qsequentialanimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4instr_moth_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qflagpointer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4memberdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qrecursionwatcher_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4function_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4generatorobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypenotavailable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlvme_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlvaluetypeproxybinding_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4mapobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4qobjectwrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4bytecodegenerator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlcustomparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlloggingcategory_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldelayedcallqueue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlproxymetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4module_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldatablob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4objectiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qparallelanimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsastvisitor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlenumvalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyresolver_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4profiling_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4baselineassembler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4regexp_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlextensionplugin_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qrecyclepool_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlmetatypedata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4arraybuffer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlconfigurabledebugservice_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloaderqmldircontent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlproperty_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlcomponentattached_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypemodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlscriptstring_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlxmlhttprequest_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugserver_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4setobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypemoduleversion_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4baselinejit_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4domerrors_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypeloadernetworkreplyproxy_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlirbuilder_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugconnector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4alloca_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4functionobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4managed_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlplatform_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4symbol_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4regexpobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qprimefornumbits_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlprofiler_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlboundsignalexpressionpointer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4heap_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlabstractprofileradapter_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlvaluetype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlcomponent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4argumentsobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsfixedpoolarray_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlnullablevalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4stackframe_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4math_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4proxy_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlobjectcreator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4string_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4global_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsast_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4scopedvalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypedata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4mapiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlnotifier_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4engine_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qtqmlcompilerglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycachecreator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlstringconverters_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4staticvalue_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlrefcount_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlboundsignal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlsourcecoordinate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugservicefactory_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4arraydata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4functiontable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4internalclass_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4executablecompilationunit_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4propertykey_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4stringtoarrayindex_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4setiterator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4context_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4mm_p.h      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldirdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4sparsearray_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4objectproto_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlopenmetaobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltype_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlguard_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4runtimeapi_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlbuiltinfunctions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4persistent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4object_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4assemblercommon_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4dateobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4typedarray_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4errorobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljssourcelocation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljslexer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugpluginmanager_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltimer_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qtqmlglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4atomics_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qbitfield_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4jsonobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertycache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlmetatype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4value_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qstringhash_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypemodule_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlfileselector_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljavascriptexpression_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugserviceinterfaces_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4util_p.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldata_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldirparser_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlscriptdata_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4reflect_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsengine_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlcontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsdiagnosticmessage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4codegen_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlprofilerdefinitions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4debugging_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qjsvalue_p.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmllocale_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmljsgrammar_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlthread_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlmodelindexvaluetype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4identifiertable_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compilercontext_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qanimationgroupjob_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmldebugstatesdelegate_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlbinding_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlpropertyvalueinterceptor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4compilationunitmapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmltypenamecache_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qv4numberobject_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qjsengine_p.h  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/5.15.7/QtQml/private/qqmlvaluetypewrapper_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlinfo.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlNetworkAccessManagerFactory     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmllist.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlProperties                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlfile.h                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqml.h                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlListProperty                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlFile                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlScriptString                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlincubator.h                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlComponent                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlIncubationController            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlEngine                          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqmlversion.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlparserstatus.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlIncubator                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlexpression.h                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmldebug.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlApplicationEngine               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlengine.h                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlEngineExtensionInterface        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlabstracturlinterceptor.h        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlListReference                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSEngine                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSValue                            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlPropertyMap                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlapplicationengine.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqml-config.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSValueIterator                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlImageProviderBase               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlTypesExtensionInterface         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlpropertymap.h                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QtQmlDepends                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlprivate.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlscriptstring.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlParserStatus                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlTypeInfo                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlproperty.h                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qjsvalueiterator.h                  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlAbstractUrlInterceptor          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qtqmlglobal.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlpropertyvaluesource.h           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlextensioninterface.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlContext                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlmoduleregistration.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlProperty                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlnetworkaccessmanagerfactory.h   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qqmlcontext.h                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QQmlExtensionInterface              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/QJSValueList                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQml/qjsengine.h                         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/qtqmlworkerscriptglobal.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.7/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qv4serialize_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.7/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qqmlworkerscriptmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.7/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qtqmlworkerscriptglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/5.15.7/QtQmlWorkerScript/private/qquickworkerscript_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/QtQmlWorkerScriptVersion qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/QtQmlWorkerScript       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/QtQmlWorkerScriptDepends qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlWorkerScript/qtqmlworkerscriptversion.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/qtqmlmodels-config.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmldelegatemodel_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlabstractdelegatecomponent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlinstantiator_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qtqmlmodelsglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlobjectmodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlinstantiator_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmldelegatemodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qquickpackage_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmltableinstancemodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmladaptormodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistmodelworkeragent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlmodelsmodule_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistaccessor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistcompositor_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qtqmlmodels-config_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistmodel_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmllistmodel_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/5.15.7/QtQmlModels/private/qqmlchangeset_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/qtqmlmodelsversion.h          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/QtQmlModels                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/qtqmlmodelsglobal.h           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/QtQmlModelsDepends            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlModels/QtQmlModelsVersion            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/QtQuickShapesVersion        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquicknvprfunctions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapesoftwarerenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshape_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshape_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapenvprrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapegenericrenderer_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquicknvprfunctions_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/5.15.7/QtQuickShapes/private/qquickshapesglobal_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/QtQuickShapes               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/qquickshapesglobal.h        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/qtquickshapesversion.h      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickShapes/QtQuickShapesDepends        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/qtpacketprotocolversion.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/5.15.7/QtPacketProtocol/private/qpacketprotocol_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/5.15.7/QtPacketProtocol/private/qpacket_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/5.15.7/QtPacketProtocol/private/qversionedpacket_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/QtPacketProtocolDepends  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/QtPacketProtocol         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPacketProtocol/QtPacketProtocolVersion  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgetsDepends      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/5.15.7/QtQuickWidgets/private/qquickwidget_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/qtquickwidgetsglobal.h     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/qquickwidget.h             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/qtquickwidgetsversion.h    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QQuickWidget               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgets             qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgetsVersion      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugmessageclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlpreviewclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugtranslationclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginedebugclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilereventlocation_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugconnection_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilereventtype_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginedebugclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmldebugclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginecontrolclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilertypedevent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlinspectorclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlenginecontrolclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilereventreceiver_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerclientdefinitions_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlprofilerevent_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qv4debugclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlpreviewclient_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qqmlinspectorclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/5.15.7/QtQmlDebug/private/qv4debugclient_p_p.h qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/QtQmlDebugDepends              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/QtQmlDebugVersion              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/qtqmldebugversion.h            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQmlDebug/QtQmlDebug                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlimportscanner                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmltyperegistrar                              qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlscene                                      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qml                                           qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlmin                                        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmltime                                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlformat                                     qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlcachegen                                   qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmltestrunner                                 qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmlpreview                                    qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmllint                                       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtdeclarative/LICENSE               qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_debugger.so       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_local.so          qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_messages.so       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_inspector.so      qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_server.so         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_tcp.so            qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_quickprofiler.so  qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_preview.so        qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_profiler.so       qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_native.so         qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/qmltooling/libqmldbg_nativedebugger.so qt5-qtdeclarative
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/Desaturate.qml      qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/RadialGradient.qml  qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/DirectionalBlur.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/GammaAdjust.qml     qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/ThresholdMask.qml   qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/Colorize.qml        qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/plugins.qmltypes    qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/OpacityMask.qml     qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/qmldir              qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/FastBlur.qml        qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/ZoomBlur.qml        qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/InnerShadow.qml     qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/BrightnessContrast.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/RectangularGlow.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/HueSaturation.qml   qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/DropShadow.qml      qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/RadialBlur.qml      qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/ColorOverlay.qml    qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/Blend.qml           qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/GaussianBlur.qml    qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/RecursiveBlur.qml   qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/Glow.qml            qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/LinearGradient.qml  qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/Displace.qml        qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/libqtgraphicaleffectsplugin.so qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianInnerShadow.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/libqtgraphicaleffectsprivate.so qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianMaskedBlur.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/FastInnerShadow.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/FastMaskedBlur.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/qmldir      qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/FastGlow.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianDirectionalBlur.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianGlow.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/FastGlow.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianMaskedBlur.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/FastInnerShadow.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianDirectionalBlur.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianGlow.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/FastMaskedBlur.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/GaussianInnerShadow.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/DropShadowBase.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/private/DropShadowBase.qmlc qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/ConicalGradient.qml qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/MaskedBlur.qml      qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtGraphicalEffects/LevelAdjust.qml     qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtgraphicaleffects/LICENSE          qt5-qtgraphicaleffects
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtlocation/LICENSE                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutesegment.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteSegment               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceicon.h                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeorouterequest.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qlocation.h                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontentreply.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QLocation                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteReply                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoServiceProviderFactory     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/placemacro.h                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacematchreply.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRoutingManager             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoserviceprovider.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeomaneuver.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchsuggestionreply.h  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacereply.h                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacemanager.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceeditorial.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroute.h                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacereview_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapscene_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceeditorial_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanagerengine_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparser_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qquickgeomapgesturearea_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativenavigator_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocodingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomapparameter_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceeditorialmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapcircleobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacecontactdetail_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanager_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplace_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomaneuver_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoprojection_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmaprouteobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesearchresultmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemview_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmaprouteobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesupportedcategoriesmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomaptype_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeofiletilecache_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qnavigationmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapcircleobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/error_messages_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomapobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutereply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceuser_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesupplier_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapreply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocameracapabilities_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecirclemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutingmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacecontentrequest_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceimage_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoroutesegment_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qtlocation-config_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemtransitionmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapcircleobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmappingmanagerengine_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmaprouteobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmappolygonobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmappolygonobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacecontent_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomapobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomapitemgeometry_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesearchmodelbase_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qqsgmapobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocodingmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapobjectview_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomaptype_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolygonmapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecontactdetail_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolylinemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeroutemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoroute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecategory_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapquickitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapscene_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceresult_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapcopyrightsnotice_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacecategory_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplace_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeperiod_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceratings_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplacecontentmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativenavigator_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmap_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocodereply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativerectanglemapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/unsupportedreplies_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceimagemodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparserosrmv5_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomaptype_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacemanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomap_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qparameterizableobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qcache3q_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmappingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotilespec_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeratings_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocameratiles_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomap_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotilerequestmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolylinemapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparserosrmv4_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoroutemodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceicon_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapiconobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoserviceprovider_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesearchsuggestionmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparser_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeosimplify_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmappolylineobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitembase_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qabstractgeotilecache_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomaneuver_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeojson_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapreply_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceproposedsearchresult_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmaplabs_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qnavigationmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qlocationglobal_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotilefetcher_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotilespec_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotilefetcher_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomapobjectqsgsupport_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemgroup_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutesegment_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmappolylineobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmappolylineobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacesupplier_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacesearchresult_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoserviceprovider_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativereviewmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeorouterequest_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceicon_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmappolygonobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmap_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeomap_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplaceattribute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecirclemapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapiconobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapiconobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoroute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceuser_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/locationvaluetypehelper_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceattribute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qmapobjectview_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemutils_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocameradata_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativerectanglemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qgeocameratiles_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeocodemodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolygonmapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapparameter_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacesearchrequest_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.3/QtLocation/private/qplacereply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecategory.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoCodeReply                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacedetailsreply.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceidreply.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoserviceproviderfactory.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceIdReply                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qlocationglobal.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceMatchReply               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceMatchRequest             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceDetailsReply             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceAttribute                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesupplier.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoCodingManagerEngine        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceuser.h                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceManager                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceManagerEngine            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QtLocationDepends              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchrequest.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceProposedSearchResult     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchresult.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContent                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceImage                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplace.h                       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacematchrequest.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceUser                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceEditorial                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceresult.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSupplier                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoManeuver                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceReview                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceRatings                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qtlocationversion.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchRequest            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchSuggestionReply    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContentRequest           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchReply              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceReply                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QtLocation                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteRequest               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoServiceProvider            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRoute                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceratings.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontactdetail.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceattribute.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceCategory                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContactDetail            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeocodingmanager.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QtLocationVersion              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchreply.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qtlocation-config.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchResult             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceIcon                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteLeg                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContentReply             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoCodingManager              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacemanagerengine.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRoutingManagerEngine       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlace                         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontent.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutingmanagerengine.h     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeocodingmanagerengine.h      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacereview.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontentrequest.h         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceproposedsearchresult.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutereply.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeocodereply.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceimage.h                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceResult                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutingmanager.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativepluginparameter_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativegeoaddress_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativepositionsource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qquickgeocoordinateanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativeposition_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qquickgeocoordinateanimation_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qpositioningquickglobal_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.3/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativegeolocation_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/QtPositioningQuickDepends qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/qpositioningquickglobal.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/qtpositioningquickversion.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/QtPositioningQuickVersion qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/QtPositioningQuick     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoSatelliteInfo           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoCircle                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPositionInfo            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoSatelliteInfoSource     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoLocation                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qnmeapositioninfosource.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoAreaMonitorSource       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoshape.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qpositioningglobal.h        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPositionInfoSource      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qdoublematrix4x4_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qdoublevector2d_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeoshape_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeolocation_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qwebmercator_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qnmeapositioninfosource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qclipperutils_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qlocationdata_simulator_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeopositioninfo_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeocircle_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeopolygon_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qtpositioning-config_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeopath_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeosatelliteinfo_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qdoublevector3d_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeoaddress_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeosatelliteinfosource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qpositioningglobal_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeocoordinate_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeocoordinateobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeopositioninfosource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qgeorectangle_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.3/QtPositioning/private/qlocationutils_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoRectangle               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopolygon.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPolygon                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeocircle.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoAddress                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactory qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopath.h                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QNmeaPositionInfoSource     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoareamonitorsource.h     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QtPositioningVersion        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoareamonitorinfo.h       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoShape                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qtpositioning-config.h      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfosourcefactory.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeosatelliteinfo.h         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QtPositioningDepends        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeorectangle.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qtpositioningversion.h      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeosatelliteinfosource.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoCoordinate              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPath                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoAreaMonitorInfo         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeocoordinate.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfo.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeolocation.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QtPositioning               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoaddress.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfosource.h    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/position/libqtposition_geoclue.so      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/position/libqtposition_geoclue2.so     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/position/libqtposition_positionpoll.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_nokia.so  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_esri.so   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_osm.so    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_mapbox.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_itemsoverlay.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5                        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5PositioningQuick.pc              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Positioning.pc                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Location.pc                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PositioningQuick/Qt5PositioningQuickConfig.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PositioningQuick/Qt5PositioningQuickConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryOsm.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5LocationConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_GeoServiceProviderFactoryEsri.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryMapbox.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5LocationConfig.cmake     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryItemsOverlay.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryNokia.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5Positioning_QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactoryPoll.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5PositioningConfig.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5Positioning_QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactoryGeoclue.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5PositioningConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5Positioning_QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactoryGeoclue2.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so.5.15                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so.5.15                        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so.5                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5.15                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioningquick_private.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_location_private.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioning_private.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioningquick.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioning.pri     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_location.pri        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtLocation/plugins.qmltypes            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtLocation/qmldir                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtLocation/libdeclarative_location.so  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtPositioning/libdeclarative_positioning.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtPositioning/plugins.qmltypes         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtPositioning/qmldir                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so                          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5.15.3                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.prl                         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so.5                           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so.5.15.3              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so.5.15.3                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.prl                            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so                             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.prl                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5PositioningQuick.pc              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Positioning.pc                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Location.pc                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so.5.15                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so.5                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioningquick.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioning_private.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_location.pri        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioningquick_private.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_positioning.pri     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_location_private.pri qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtLocation/plugins.qmltypes            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtLocation/qmldir                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtLocation/libdeclarative_location.so  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtPositioning/plugins.qmltypes         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtPositioning/qmldir                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtPositioning/libdeclarative_positioning.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so.5.15.7              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.prl                            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so.5                           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.prl                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so                             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5PositioningQuick.so                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so.5.15.7                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5.15.7                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5.15                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so                          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.prl                         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5                        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5Positioning_QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactoryGeoclue2.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5Positioning_QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactoryGeoclue.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5PositioningConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5Positioning_QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactoryPoll.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Positioning/Qt5PositioningConfig.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PositioningQuick/Qt5PositioningQuickConfig.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5PositioningQuick/Qt5PositioningQuickConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryItemsOverlay.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryOsm.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryNokia.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5LocationConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5LocationConfig.cmake     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_QGeoServiceProviderFactoryMapbox.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Location/Qt5Location_GeoServiceProviderFactoryEsri.cmake qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Location.so.5.15                        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContactDetail            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceMatchRequest             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceAttribute                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRoutingManagerEngine       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QtLocationDepends              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceIcon                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoserviceprovider.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontentreply.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceManager                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContentReply             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacereview.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteRequest               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchResult             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceidreply.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontentrequest.h         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QtLocation                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceeditorial.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoCodeReply                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/placemacro.h                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontent.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocodingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoroutesegment_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qnavigationmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceattribute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmappolylineobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomaptype_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparserosrmv5_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacecategory_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesupplier_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoserviceprovider_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesearchsuggestionmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceeditorial_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomapobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/error_messages_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapcircleobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeojson_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesearchresultmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapquickitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapobjectview_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceresult_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeratings_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocameratiles_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceicon_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceimage_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacecontentrequest_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemview_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocameradata_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotilefetcher_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolylinemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmap_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanager_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoroute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecirclemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmappolygonobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomap_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeocodemodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmappolygonobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecategory_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoserviceprovider_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qquickgeomapgesturearea_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocodereply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplacecontentmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapscene_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmappingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativenavigator_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolygonmapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeperiod_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoroutemodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomaneuver_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceattribute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeoroute_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmappolylineobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomaneuver_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotilefetcher_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutingmanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemutils_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocameratiles_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapcopyrightsnotice_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitembase_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomapobjectqsgsupport_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacecontactdetail_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolygonmapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapiconobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocodingmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceicon_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplace_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacecontent_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacereview_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparser_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceuser_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapcircleobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutereply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativereviewmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapparameter_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotilerequestmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecirclemapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapiconobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparserosrmv4_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacesupplier_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qqsgmapobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapscene_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutesegment_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceeditorialmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacesearchresult_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmaprouteobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapobjectview_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmaprouteobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeorouterequest_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapcircleobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qnavigationmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmappingmanagerengine_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativerectanglemapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomap_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomapobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplace_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapreply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomaptype_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotilespec_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmapreply_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomaptype_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativerectanglemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeorouteparser_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeroutemapitem_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativecontactdetail_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanagerengine_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomapitemgeometry_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeosimplify_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qabstractgeotilecache_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceuser_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoroutingmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacemanagerengine_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmap_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmapiconobject_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotiledmaplabs_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesupportedcategoriesmodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmappolylineobjectqsg_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativesearchmodelbase_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qcache3q_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeocameracapabilities_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeoprojection_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacesearchrequest_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativenavigator_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/locationvaluetypehelper_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmappolygonobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplacereply_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qmaprouteobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceproposedsearchresult_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/unsupportedreplies_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeofiletilecache_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qlocationglobal_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qparameterizableobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeotilespec_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qtlocation-config_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativeplaceimagemodel_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativepolylinemapitem_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomap_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemtransitionmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomapparameter_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qgeomappingmanager_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qplaceratings_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/5.15.7/QtLocation/private/qdeclarativegeomapitemgroup_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceproposedsearchresult.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoCodingManager              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecontactdetail.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceuser.h                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesupplier.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacematchrequest.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceUser                     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteReply                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qtlocationversion.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QLocation                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchReply              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoserviceproviderfactory.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceResult                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchreply.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroute.h                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoServiceProviderFactory     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceMatchReply               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchresult.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceImage                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qlocation.h                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteSegment               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchSuggestionReply    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceEditorial                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceimage.h                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRoutingManager             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeomaneuver.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceProposedSearchResult     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSearchRequest            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceReply                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoCodingManagerEngine        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchrequest.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceattribute.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeocodingmanager.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacesearchsuggestionreply.h  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutingmanager.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceratings.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlace                         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRoute                      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeocodereply.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContentRequest           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceSupplier                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceContent                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutereply.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeorouterequest.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceReview                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeocodingmanagerengine.h      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceIdReply                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacereply.h                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacemanagerengine.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceresult.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoServiceProvider            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoRouteLeg                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutingmanagerengine.h     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceCategory                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceRatings                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacemanager.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qgeoroutesegment.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceDetailsReply             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacedetailsreply.h           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qlocationglobal.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QGeoManeuver                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplace.h                       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qtlocation-config.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacematchreply.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QPlaceManagerEngine            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/QtLocationVersion              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplacecategory.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtLocation/qplaceicon.h                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoareamonitorsource.h     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPositionInfoSourceFactory qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopath.h                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoRectangle               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPositionInfo            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoshape.h                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoAreaMonitorInfo         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoLocation                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoCoordinate              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QtPositioningDepends        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoaddress.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeocircle.h                qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeopositioninfo_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qnmeapositioninfosource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeopath_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qpositioningglobal_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qdoublevector2d_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qwebmercator_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeoshape_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qtpositioning-config_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeorectangle_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeocircle_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeopolygon_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeosatelliteinfosource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qlocationdata_simulator_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeosatelliteinfo_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeocoordinateobject_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qlocationutils_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qdoublevector3d_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qclipperutils_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeolocation_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeopositioninfosource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qdoublematrix4x4_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeoaddress_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/5.15.7/QtPositioning/private/qgeocoordinate_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfosource.h    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QtPositioning               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPath                    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopolygon.h               qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPolygon                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QNmeaPositionInfoSource     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeosatelliteinfosource.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qpositioningglobal.h        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qnmeapositioninfosource.h   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qtpositioningversion.h      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoShape                   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QtPositioningVersion        qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoSatelliteInfoSource     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeosatelliteinfo.h         qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoSatelliteInfo           qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeolocation.h              qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfosourcefactory.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qtpositioning-config.h      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoCircle                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeocoordinate.h            qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoAddress                 qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeoareamonitorinfo.h       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoPositionInfoSource      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeorectangle.h             qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/QGeoAreaMonitorSource       qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfo.h          qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/qtpositioningquickversion.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativepluginparameter_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qpositioningquickglobal_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativegeolocation_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qquickgeocoordinateanimation_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qquickgeocoordinateanimation_p_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativegeoaddress_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativepositionsource_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/5.15.7/QtPositioningQuick/private/qdeclarativeposition_p.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/QtPositioningQuickVersion qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/QtPositioningQuick     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/QtPositioningQuickDepends qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtPositioningQuick/qpositioningquickglobal.h qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtlocation/LICENSE                  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_itemsoverlay.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_mapbox.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_esri.so   qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_osm.so    qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/geoservices/libqtgeoservices_nokia.so  qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/position/libqtposition_geoclue2.so     qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/position/libqtposition_positionpoll.so qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/position/libqtposition_geoclue.so      qt5-qtlocation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtmultimedia/LICENSE                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgets   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qvideowidget.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QVideoWidgetControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/5.15.3/QtMultimediaWidgets/private/qvideowidget_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/5.15.3/QtMultimediaWidgets/private/qpaintervideosurface_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qvideowidgetcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgetsDepends qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qcameraviewfinder.h   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QCameraViewfinder     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qtmultimediawidgetsversion.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QVideoWidget          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QGraphicsVideoItem    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qgraphicsvideoitem.h  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qtmultimediawidgetdefs.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgetsVersion qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideowindow_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qvideosurfacegstsink_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreameraudioinputselector_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideoprobecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideoinputdevicecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstutils_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerplayersession_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/gstvideoconnector_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideooverlay_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamermessage_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideorendererinterface_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerbufferprobe_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstvideorenderersink_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstbufferpoolinterface_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideorenderer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreameraudioprobecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstvideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstcodecsinfo_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstappsrc_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstvideorendererplugin_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgsttools_global_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideowidget_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerbushelper_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.3/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerplayercontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/qtmultimediagsttoolsversion.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/QtMultimediaGstToolsDepends qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/QtMultimediaGstTools qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/QtMultimediaGstToolsVersion qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiodecodercontrol.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiotunercontrol.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraViewfinderSettings    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qabstractvideosurface.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaGaplessPlaybackControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimagecapture.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraCaptureBufferFormatControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediametadata.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraExposure              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioInput                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaplayercontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraExposureControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmetadatawritercontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceProviderFactoryInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimageprocessing.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideosurfaceformat.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraInfoControl           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamera.h                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioDecoderControl         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraLocksControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceSupportedDevicesInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideoframe.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoFilterRunnable         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoWindowControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmetadatareadercontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimedia-config.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraInfo                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediacontainercontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioSystemFactoryInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerainfo.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiosystem.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioRecorder               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediabindableinterface.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractAudioOutput         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocusZoneList         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMetaDataReaderControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioProbe                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qvideosurfaces_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiohelpers_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylist_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediarecorder_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediastoragelocation_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaresourcepolicyplugin_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediapluginloader_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistnavigator_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmultimediautils_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaresourcepolicy_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qtmultimedia-config_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiosystempluginext_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qcamera_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qtmultimediaglobal_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistprovider_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qsamplecache_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediacontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qimagevideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistioplugin_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qwavedecoder_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qsoundeffect_pulse_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistsourcecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qvideooutputorientationhandler_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qabstractvideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaobject_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaservice_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qsoundeffect_qaudio_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qplaylistfileparser_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaresourceset_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmemoryvideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmedianetworkplaylistprovider_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qvideoframeconversionhelper_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaopenglhelper_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiodevicefactory_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistcontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qvideosurfaceoutput_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.3/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaserviceprovider_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaContent                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageProcessingControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaMetaData               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceDefaultDeviceInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoRendererControl        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimediadefs.h           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioData                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerafocuscontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediagaplessplaybackcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocusZone             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiodecoder.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiodata.h                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediavideoprobecontrol.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qsoundeffect.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioBuffer                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiosystemplugin.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractAudioInput          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoFrame                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediacontent.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaBindableInterface      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiodatacontrol.h          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaPlayer                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioDecoder                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceProviderHint    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageCaptureControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameracapturebufferformatcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideorenderercontrol.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaResource               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioinput.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractVideoSurface        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaresource.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediatimerange.h            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioOutput                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudio.h                     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioTunerControl           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmedianetworkaccesscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaenumdebug.h            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractAudioDeviceInfo     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoSurfaceFormat          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceFeaturesInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoEncoderSettings        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioTuner                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaencodersettings.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimediaglobal.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractVideoBuffer         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiorecorder.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCamera                      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioDataControl            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaTimeInterval           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaPlaylist               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaContainerControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioRoleControl            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerafeedbackcontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioSystemPlugin           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraViewfinderSettingsControl2 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimageprocessingcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaStreamsControl         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QSound                       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFlashControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraviewfindersettings.h  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocus                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaavailabilitycontrol.h  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraexposure.h            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaObject                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediarecordercontrol.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaAvailabilityControl    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraZoomControl           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameracapturedestinationcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaResourceList           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudio                       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimediaversion.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiooutput.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoDeviceSelectorControl  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaplayer.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioOutputSelectorControl  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideowindowcontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaservice.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCustomAudioRoleControl      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediastreamscontrol.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideodeviceselectorcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QImageEncoderSettings        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMetaDataWriterControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoProbe                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceSupportedFormatsInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QtMultimediaDepends          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QtMultimedia                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaRecorderControl        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediarecorder.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QImageEncoderControl         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerafocus.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMultimedia                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qabstractvideobuffer.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerazoomcontrol.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraControl               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaobject.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiodeviceinfo.h           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioInputSelectorControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraCaptureDestinationControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaService                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qsound.h                     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimagecapturecontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraViewfinderSettingsControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiotuner.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioencodersettingscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageCapture          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediacontrol.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameralockscontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioFormat                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QSoundEffect                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioinputselectorcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractVideoFilter         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideoprobe.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qimageencodercontrol.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoEncoderSettingsControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiooutputselectorcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractPlanarVideoBuffer   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameracontrol.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaPlayerControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaVideoProbeControl      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaControl                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioformat.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaTimeRange              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcustomaudiorolecontrol.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageProcessing       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceCameraInfoInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmultimedia.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioEncoderSettings        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceProviderPlugin  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioEncoderSettingsControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiobuffer.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraviewfindersettingscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocusControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioDeviceInfo             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaserviceproviderplugin.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraexposurecontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioprobe.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiorolecontrol.h          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QtMultimediaVersion          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaplaylist.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideoencodersettingscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraflashcontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qabstractvideofilter.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaNetworkAccessControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFeedbackControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaAudioProbeControl      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaRecorder               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaaudioprobecontrol.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerainfocontrol.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_yuv_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_texture_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_window_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_render_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_backend_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qtmultimediaquickdefs_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.3/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_rgb_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/QtMultimediaQuick       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/QtMultimediaQuickVersion qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/QtMultimediaQuickDepends qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/qtmultimediaquickversion.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/audio/libqtmedia_pulse.so              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/playlistformats/libqtmultimedia_m3u.so qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstmediaplayer.so      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstaudiodecoder.so     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstcamerabin.so        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstmediacapture.so     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so.5.15.3               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Multimedia.pc                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5MultimediaWidgets.pc             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so.5.15                      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so.5.15.3             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so.5.15.3                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so.5.15              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QGstreamerCaptureServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QM3uPlaylistPlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5MultimediaConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5MultimediaConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QGstreamerAudioDecoderServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QPulseAudioPlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_CameraBinServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QGstreamerPlayerServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaQuick/Qt5MultimediaQuickConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaQuick/Qt5MultimediaQuickConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaWidgets/Qt5MultimediaWidgetsConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaWidgets/Qt5MultimediaWidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaGstTools/Qt5MultimediaGstToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaGstTools/Qt5MultimediaGstToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so.5                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so.5.15                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so                           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so.5.15.3            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so                      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.prl                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so.5.15               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimedia_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimediagsttools_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qtmultimediaquicktools_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimedia.pri      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimediawidgets_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimediawidgets.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtAudioEngine/libdeclarative_audioengine.so qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtAudioEngine/plugins.qmltypes         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtAudioEngine/qmldir                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/plugins.qmltypes          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/qmldir                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/Video.qml                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/libdeclarative_multimedia.so qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.prl                     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.prl                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so.5                         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so.5                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so.5                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.prl                          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5MultimediaWidgets.pc             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Multimedia.pc                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so.5.15.7               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so.5.15.7                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so.5.15               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.prl                     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimedia_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_qtmultimediaquicktools_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimediawidgets_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimediagsttools_private.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimedia.pri      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_multimediawidgets.pri qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtAudioEngine/plugins.qmltypes         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtAudioEngine/qmldir                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtAudioEngine/libdeclarative_audioengine.so qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/plugins.qmltypes          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/qmldir                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/Video.qml                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtMultimedia/libdeclarative_multimedia.so qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so.5                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so.5                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so.5                         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so.5                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so                           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so.5.15.7            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.so.5.15              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.so.5.15                      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so.5.15.7             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.prl                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so                      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaGstTools.prl                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaWidgets.so                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Multimedia.prl                          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5MultimediaQuick.so.5.15                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaQuick/Qt5MultimediaQuickConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaQuick/Qt5MultimediaQuickConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaWidgets/Qt5MultimediaWidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaWidgets/Qt5MultimediaWidgetsConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaGstTools/Qt5MultimediaGstToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5MultimediaGstTools/Qt5MultimediaGstToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_CameraBinServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QGstreamerCaptureServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5MultimediaConfig.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QGstreamerPlayerServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QM3uPlaylistPlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QPulseAudioPlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5Multimedia_QGstreamerAudioDecoderServicePlugin.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Multimedia/Qt5MultimediaConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QVideoWidgetControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QGraphicsVideoItem    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qtmultimediawidgetsversion.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgets   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/5.15.7/QtMultimediaWidgets/private/qvideowidget_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/5.15.7/QtMultimediaWidgets/private/qpaintervideosurface_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QVideoWidget          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qvideowidget.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QCameraViewfinder     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qgraphicsvideoitem.h  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qtmultimediawidgetdefs.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qvideowidgetcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgetsDepends qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/qcameraviewfinder.h   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgetsVersion qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/QtMultimediaGstToolsDepends qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideowidget_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstcodecsinfo_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstvideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideowindow_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideooverlay_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstutils_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerplayercontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideorendererinterface_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideorenderer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstbufferpoolinterface_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerbushelper_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideoprobecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreameraudioprobecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreameraudioinputselector_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstvideorenderersink_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgsttools_global_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamermessage_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerbufferprobe_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/gstvideoconnector_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstappsrc_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstvideorendererplugin_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamerplayersession_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qgstreamervideoinputdevicecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/5.15.7/QtMultimediaGstTools/private/qvideosurfacegstsink_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/QtMultimediaGstToolsVersion qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/QtMultimediaGstTools qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaGstTools/qtmultimediagsttoolsversion.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/qtmultimediaquickversion.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_window_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_render_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_yuv_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_rgb_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qtmultimediaquickdefs_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_backend_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qsgvideonode_texture_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/5.15.7/QtMultimediaQuick/private/qdeclarativevideooutput_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/QtMultimediaQuickDepends qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/QtMultimediaQuickVersion qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimediaQuick/QtMultimediaQuick       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractAudioInput          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaencodersettings.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocus                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimagecapture.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiodata.h                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideodeviceselectorcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceCameraInfoInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFlashControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocusZone             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameracapturedestinationcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaplayer.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioinput.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraInfoControl           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioRoleControl            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraLocksControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimediaversion.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaservice.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideoencodersettingscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoFrame                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceFeaturesInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageCapture          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcustomaudiorolecontrol.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraExposure              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediacontrol.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiodatacontrol.h          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioRecorder               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaAudioProbeControl      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameracapturebufferformatcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractAudioOutput         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioBuffer                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaPlaylist               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmedianetworkaccesscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiorecorder.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmetadatareadercontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioSystemPlugin           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaGaplessPlaybackControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qsound.h                     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageCaptureControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediapluginloader_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qimagevideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylist_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediacontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaresourcepolicyplugin_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qvideoframeconversionhelper_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaserviceprovider_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qvideosurfaces_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaservice_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistnavigator_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qtmultimedia-config_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistioplugin_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediarecorder_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediastoragelocation_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiodevicefactory_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistcontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmemoryvideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaresourceset_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistsourcecontrol_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaresourcepolicy_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaplaylistprovider_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qwavedecoder_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qsoundeffect_pulse_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qplaylistfileparser_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qsoundeffect_qaudio_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qcamera_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaopenglhelper_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiosystempluginext_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qvideosurfaceoutput_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmediaobject_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qabstractvideobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qtmultimediaglobal_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmultimediautils_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiobuffer_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qsamplecache_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qmedianetworkplaylistprovider_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qaudiohelpers_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/5.15.7/QtMultimedia/private/qvideooutputorientationhandler_p.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameralockscontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraexposurecontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioFormat                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaplaylist.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCamera                      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceProviderFactoryInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiooutputselectorcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiobuffer.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaContainerControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraViewfinderSettings    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerafocuscontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceProviderPlugin  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideowindowcontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoWindowControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerafocus.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioDecoder                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraViewfinderSettingsControl2 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaobject.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioSystemFactoryInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractVideoSurface        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiosystem.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioOutputSelectorControl  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qsoundeffect.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiorolecontrol.h          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaTimeRange              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioencodersettingscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qabstractvideosurface.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiooutput.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractPlanarVideoBuffer   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaPlayer                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiodecodercontrol.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaControl                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qabstractvideofilter.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiotunercontrol.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocusZoneList         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediarecorder.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaNetworkAccessControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioprobe.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaRecorder               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceSupportedFormatsInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioDecoderControl         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaenumdebug.h            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiosystemplugin.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioTuner                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraControl               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMultimedia                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioProbe                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioInputSelectorControl   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediacontainercontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerainfocontrol.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaMetaData               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraviewfindersettingscontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QImageEncoderSettings        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideosurfaceformat.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraInfo                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraflashcontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioEncoderSettingsControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaRecorderControl        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceDefaultDeviceInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaObject                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QSoundEffect                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractVideoBuffer         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimedia-config.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaavailabilitycontrol.h  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioformat.h               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiodecoder.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoDeviceSelectorControl  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qabstractvideobuffer.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaAvailabilityControl    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimageprocessing.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaaudioprobecontrol.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qradiotuner.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerazoomcontrol.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmultimedia.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaBindableInterface      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoSurfaceFormat          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioData                   qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFocusControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoProbe                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraViewfinderSettingsControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameracontrol.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediagaplessplaybackcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QSound                       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideoprobe.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QtMultimediaVersion          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceProviderHint    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraExposureControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaVideoProbeControl      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioInput                  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediatimerange.h            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMetaDataReaderControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoEncoderSettingsControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaresource.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioOutput                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraFeedbackControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaStreamsControl         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraCaptureBufferFormatControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerainfo.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaServiceSupportedDevicesInterface qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioDeviceInfo             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoEncoderSettings        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimediaglobal.h         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudioinputselectorcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudiodeviceinfo.h           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediacontent.h              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qtmultimediadefs.h           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaTimeInterval           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractAudioDeviceInfo     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaService                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioDataControl            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaResource               qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraviewfindersettings.h  qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoRendererControl        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaplayercontrol.h        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideoframe.h                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamerafeedbackcontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcamera.h                    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaPlayerControl          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMetaDataWriterControl       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediaserviceproviderplugin.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediavideoprobecontrol.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaResourceList           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraZoomControl           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraexposure.h            qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCustomAudioRoleControl      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmetadatawritercontrol.h     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediabindableinterface.h    qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QtMultimedia                 qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudio                       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediametadata.h             qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAudioEncoderSettings        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QtMultimediaDepends          qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageProcessing       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QAbstractVideoFilter         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QRadioTunerControl           qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qvideorenderercontrol.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediastreamscontrol.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraImageProcessingControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qmediarecordercontrol.h      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qimageencodercontrol.h       qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QVideoFilterRunnable         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qaudio.h                     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QImageEncoderControl         qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QMediaContent                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/QCameraCaptureDestinationControl qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimageprocessingcontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtMultimedia/qcameraimagecapturecontrol.h qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtmultimedia/LICENSE                qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/playlistformats/libqtmultimedia_m3u.so qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/audio/libqtmedia_pulse.so              qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstmediaplayer.so      qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstaudiodecoder.so     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstcamerabin.so        qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/mediaservice/libgstmediacapture.so     qt5-qtmultimedia
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtquickcontrols2/LICENSE            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/QtQuickTemplates2Version qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/qtquicktemplates2version.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/QtQuickTemplates2       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdeferredpointer_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbutton_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollbar_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktumbler_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickgroupbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextfield_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopupanchors_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktoolseparator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpage_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickframe_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickspinbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickoverlay_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextfield_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcheckbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstackelement_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenuseparator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenu_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcheckdelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdial_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdrawer_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickactiongroup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickoverlay_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qtquicktemplates2-config_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickframe_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicklabel_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenuitem_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickaction_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktooltip_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopup_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextarea_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpresshandler_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpane_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubar_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstackview_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswitchdelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickslider_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopupitem_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialog_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipeview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicklabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpaletteprovider_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickvelocitycalculator_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontainer_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickheaderview_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktumbler_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdeferredexecute_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktheme_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickradiodelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickabstractbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickaction_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickabstractbutton_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickheaderview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenu_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qtquicktemplates2global_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickicon_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickroundbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontentitem_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipe_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubaritem_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipedelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktabbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickapplicationwindow_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontrol_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollindicator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdelaybutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialogbuttonbox_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickshortcutcontext_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopupanchors_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qaccessiblequickpage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcombobox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpane_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenuitem_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstackview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdrawer_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopuppositioner_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicksplitview_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickrangeslider_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontrol_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubaritem_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpageindicator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickitemdelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextarea_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbuttongroup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktoolbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipedelegate_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbusyindicator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpalette_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstacktransition_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickradiobutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktabbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialogbuttonbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickitemdelegate_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktoolbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswitch_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicksplitview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialog_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktheme_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickprogressbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.3/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontainer_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/QtQuickTemplates2Depends qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/qtquicktemplates2-config.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qquickstyle.h            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QtQuickControls2Version  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qtquickcontrols2version.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickcolor_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconimage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconimage_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickmnemoniclabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickplaceholdertext_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickattachedobject_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyleselector_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickchecklabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconlabel_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickclippedtext_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickcolorimage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qtquickcontrols2global_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickpaddedrectangle_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickanimatednode_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquicktumblerview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickitemgroup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qtquickcontrols2-config_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyle_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyleselector_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconlabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.3/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyleplugin_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QtQuickControls2         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qtquickcontrols2-config.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QtQuickControls2Depends  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QQuickStyle              qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qtquickcontrols2global.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickTemplates2.pc               qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickControls2.pc                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.prl                     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so.5.15                  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTemplates2/Qt5QuickTemplates2Config.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTemplates2/Qt5QuickTemplates2ConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickControls2/Qt5QuickControls2Config.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickControls2/Qt5QuickControls2ConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so.5                    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so.5.15.3               qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so.5                     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so.5.15.3                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quicktemplates2.pri qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickcontrols2.pri  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quicktemplates2_private.pri qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickcontrols2_private.pri qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolButton.qml      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/BusyIndicator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ActionGroup.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ItemDelegate.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Menu.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Popup.qml           qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/CheckDelegate.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RadioButton.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SwipeView.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RangeSlider.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Action.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Menu.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Popup.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SpinBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SwitchIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Button.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/qmldir    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Frame.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Switch.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Tumbler.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Dialog.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Pane.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Drawer.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuBarItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/CheckIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RadioIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/StackView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Dial.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Label.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Slider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Page.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TabBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolTip.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/libqtquickcontrols2universalstyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SwitchDelegate.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Menu.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Popup.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SwipeView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SpinBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Button.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/libqtquickcontrols2imaginestyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/qmldir      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Frame.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Switch.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Tumbler.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Dialog.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Pane.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Drawer.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/StackView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Dial.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Label.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Slider.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Page.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TabBar.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolTip.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RangeSliderSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/InsetSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ScrollViewSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ToolBarSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/CheckDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RoundButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ControlSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/CheckBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/DialSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RadioDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ToolSeparatorSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/FrameSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/AbstractButtonSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ContainerSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ComboBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/DelayButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/LabelSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwitchDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/progressbar-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/roundbutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/switch-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/combobox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/checkbox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/roundbutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/slider-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pane-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textfield-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbar-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/itemdelegate-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/stackview-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/stackview-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/spinbox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/stackview-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/dial-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/label-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/radiobutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/combobox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textarea-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/slider-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/page-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/rangeslider-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/busyindicator-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolseparator-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pane-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/tumbler-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/button-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/groupbox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/scrollview-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/switch-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/busyindicator-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/page-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/scrollview-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbar-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/progressbar-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/delaybutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/label-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/dial-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textfield-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/frame-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/tumbler-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/checkbox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/slider-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolseparator-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pageindicator-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/checkbox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/frame-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textarea-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/spinbox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/tumbler-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/roundbutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/page-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/combobox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pane-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/groupbox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/button-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/delaybutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/switch-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/radiobutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/busyindicator-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/delaybutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/swipeview-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/rangeslider-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/frame-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/groupbox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/scrollview-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolseparator-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pageindicator-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/radiobutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbar-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textfield-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/itemdelegate-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/spinbox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/swipeview-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/swipeview-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textarea-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pageindicator-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/label-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/progressbar-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/rangeslider-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/itemdelegate-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/dial-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/button-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwipeDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/CheckSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RadioButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PageIndicatorSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TabBarSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PaddingSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ItemDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ControlSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ButtonSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SliderSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/BusyIndicatorSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ItemDelegateSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/StackViewSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwipeViewSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TabButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PaneSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PageSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PaneSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TextAreaSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SpinBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TumblerSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/qtquickcontrols2.metainfo qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/GroupBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TextFieldSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwitchSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ToolButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ProgressBarSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Menu.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Popup.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SliderHandle.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/libqtquickcontrols2fusionstyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SpinBox.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SwitchIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Button.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/qmldir       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Frame.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Switch.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Tumbler.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Dialog.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Pane.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Drawer.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuBarItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolBar.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SliderGroove.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/CheckIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RadioIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Dial.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Label.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuBar.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Slider.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ButtonPanel.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Page.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TabBar.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolTip.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SpinBox.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/DelayButton.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ProgressBar.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuSeparator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TextArea.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/GroupBox.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/plugins.qmltypes    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Button.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/qmldir              qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/AbstractButton.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Frame.qml           qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Control.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TabButton.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Switch.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Tumbler.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Dialog.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Menu.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Popup.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwipeView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SliderHandle.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ElevationEffect.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SpinBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwitchIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Button.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/libqtquickcontrols2materialstyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/qmldir     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Frame.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CursorDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Switch.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Tumbler.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Dialog.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Pane.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Drawer.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/BoxShadow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuBarItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CheckIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RadioIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/StackView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Dial.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Label.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Slider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RectangularGlow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Page.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TabBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolTip.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Pane.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Drawer.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RadioDelegate.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuItem.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ScrollBar.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ComboBox.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RoundButton.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TextField.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuBarItem.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolBar.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SwipeDelegate.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/StackView.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Dial.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/PageIndicator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Label.qml           qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuBar.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Slider.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ScrollView.qml      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SplitView.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/CheckBox.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Container.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ButtonGroup.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Page.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TabBar.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolTip.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/libqtquickcontrols2plugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolSeparator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Templates.2/plugins.qmltypes   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Templates.2/qmldir             qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Templates.2/libqtquicktemplates2plugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/platform/libqtlabsplatformplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/platform/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/platform/qmldir                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/WeekNumberColumn.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/MonthGrid.qmlc        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/MonthGrid.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/qmldir                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/libqtlabscalendarplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/DayOfWeekRow.qml      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/DayOfWeekRow.qmlc     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/WeekNumberColumn.qmlc qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so.5.15                 qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.prl                      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so                       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so                      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickControls2.pc                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5QuickTemplates2.pc               qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so.5.15.7               qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so.5                     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quicktemplates2.pri qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quicktemplates2_private.pri qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickcontrols2.pri  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_quickcontrols2_private.pri qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Templates.2/libqtquicktemplates2plugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Templates.2/plugins.qmltypes   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Templates.2/qmldir             qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Slider.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Label.qml           qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Switch.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SpinBox.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TextArea.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ButtonGroup.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuBarItem.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/plugins.qmltypes    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Dialog.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Frame.qml           qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ComboBox.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolBar.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ScrollBar.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/qmldir              qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SwitchDelegate.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Button.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Action.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Control.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuItem.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/AbstractButton.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Popup.qml           qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/DelayButton.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/PageIndicator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/BusyIndicator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TextField.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ItemDelegate.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Dial.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TabButton.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SwipeView.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/GroupBox.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/CheckBox.qml        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/TabBar.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ScrollView.qml      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Menu.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Slider.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Label.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Switch.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SpinBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Dialog.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Frame.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/qmldir      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Button.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Popup.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/libqtquickcontrols2imaginestyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Dial.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SwipeView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/TabBar.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Menu.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolTip.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Drawer.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Pane.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Tumbler.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/StackView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Imagine/Page.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SwipeDelegate.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RangeSlider.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolTip.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuSeparator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Drawer.qml          qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolButton.qml      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Pane.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SliderSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ToolSeparatorSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/DelayButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ToolButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ProgressBarSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/AbstractButtonSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PaneSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RangeSliderSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/GroupBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/page-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/frame-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/dial-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/progressbar-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/scrollview-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/checkbox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/slider-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/radiobutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/page-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbar-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pane-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/checkbox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/spinbox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pageindicator-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/page-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/label-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/itemdelegate-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/rangeslider-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/switch-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pane-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/busyindicator-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolseparator-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textfield-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/swipeview-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/delaybutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/busyindicator-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textarea-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/dial-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/tumbler-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/roundbutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/roundbutton-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/itemdelegate-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/stackview-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/label-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/slider-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/progressbar-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textfield-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/roundbutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/radiobutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbar-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/button-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/button-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/switch-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/groupbox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/scrollview-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolseparator-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/combobox-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/switch-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textarea-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/busyindicator-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/button-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/itemdelegate-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/checkbox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/combobox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/delaybutton-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/slider-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/groupbox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textarea-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/spinbox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/stackview-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/dial-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/combobox-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/tumbler-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/label-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/swipeview-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/swipeview-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/delaybutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pane-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pageindicator-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/pageindicator-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/progressbar-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/scrollview-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/textfield-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/spinbox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/tumbler-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/frame-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolseparator-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/toolbar-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/rangeslider-icon.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/frame-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/radiobutton-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/stackview-icon@2x.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/rangeslider-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/images/groupbox-icon16.png qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/LabelSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ControlSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PageIndicatorSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TabButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PaneSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RadioButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ItemDelegateSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/FrameSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/InsetSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SpinBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwitchSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ComboBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwitchDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/StackViewSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TextFieldSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RoundButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ScrollViewSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ContainerSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PaddingSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/BusyIndicatorSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ControlSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/CheckSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ButtonSection.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TextAreaSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TumblerSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/CheckBoxSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/PageSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/TabBarSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwipeDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/RadioDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ButtonSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/SwipeViewSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ItemDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/qtquickcontrols2.metainfo qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/CheckDelegateSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/ToolBarSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/designer/DialSpecifics.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/libqtquickcontrols2plugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RadioButton.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Container.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/MenuBar.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ActionGroup.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Slider.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Label.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Switch.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SpinBox.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SliderHandle.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuBarItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/libqtquickcontrols2fusionstyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Dialog.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Frame.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/CheckIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolBar.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/qmldir       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Button.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Popup.qml    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Dial.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/TabBar.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SwitchIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Menu.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolTip.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Drawer.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Pane.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/MenuBar.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Tumbler.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ButtonPanel.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RadioIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/SliderGroove.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Fusion/Page.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ProgressBar.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ToolSeparator.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/SplitView.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RadioDelegate.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Tumbler.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Slider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Label.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Switch.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SpinBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SliderHandle.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuBarItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Dialog.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Frame.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CheckIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/qmldir     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Button.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CursorDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Popup.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RectangularGlow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Dial.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwipeView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/TabBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwitchIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Menu.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolTip.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ElevationEffect.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Drawer.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Pane.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/MenuBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/libqqc2materialstyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/BoxShadow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Tumbler.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RadioIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/StackView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Material/Page.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Slider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/DialogButtonBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Label.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Switch.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SpinBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TextArea.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuBarItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Dialog.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Frame.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ComboBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/CheckIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ScrollBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/qmldir    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SwitchDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Button.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuItem.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Popup.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/DelayButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/PageIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/BusyIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TextField.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ItemDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Dial.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TabButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/GroupBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/libqtquickcontrols2universalstyleplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/CheckBox.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/TabBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SwitchIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/HorizontalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ApplicationWindow.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/VerticalHeaderView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Menu.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SwipeDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RangeSlider.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolTip.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Drawer.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Pane.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RadioButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/MenuBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ProgressBar.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ToolSeparator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/SplitView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RadioDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Tumbler.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/ScrollIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RadioIndicator.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/StackView.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/RoundButton.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/CheckDelegate.qml qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Universal/Page.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/StackView.qml       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/RoundButton.qml     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/CheckDelegate.qml   qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls.2/Page.qml            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/platform/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/platform/qmldir                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/platform/libqtlabsplatformplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/plugins.qmltypes      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/qmldir                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/libqtlabscalendarplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/MonthGrid.qmlc        qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/DayOfWeekRow.qmlc     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/WeekNumberColumn.qml  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/MonthGrid.qml         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/WeekNumberColumn.qmlc qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/labs/calendar/DayOfWeekRow.qml      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.prl                     qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so.5.15                 qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so.5                    qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so.5.15                  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.prl                      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so                       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickControls2.so.5.15.7                qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5QuickTemplates2.so                      qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTemplates2/Qt5QuickTemplates2ConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickTemplates2/Qt5QuickTemplates2Config.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickControls2/Qt5QuickControls2ConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5QuickControls2/Qt5QuickControls2Config.cmake qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qtquickcontrols2global.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QtQuickControls2         qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qquickstyle.h            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyleselector_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconimage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyleselector_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconimage_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickclippedtext_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconlabel_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquicktumblerview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickcolorimage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickplaceholdertext_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyleplugin_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickmnemoniclabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickattachedobject_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qtquickcontrols2global_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickitemgroup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickstyle_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickiconlabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickanimatednode_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qtquickcontrols2-config_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickcolor_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickpaddedrectangle_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/5.15.7/QtQuickControls2/private/qquickchecklabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QtQuickControls2Depends  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qtquickcontrols2-config.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QQuickStyle              qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/QtQuickControls2Version  qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickControls2/qtquickcontrols2version.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/QtQuickTemplates2Version qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/qtquicktemplates2version.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/QtQuickTemplates2Depends qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenuitem_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickrangeslider_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextarea_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollbar_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickvelocitycalculator_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdelaybutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktoolbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpresshandler_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktooltip_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubar_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollindicator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickroundbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcheckbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialogbuttonbox_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdeferredexecute_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickoverlay_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubaritem_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopuppositioner_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontrol_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicksplitview_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextarea_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qtquicktemplates2global_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopup_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstackview_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopupanchors_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicklabel_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbutton_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickframe_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktumbler_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontrol_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenubaritem_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktoolbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdrawer_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpage_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpageindicator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdrawer_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbuttongroup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickgroupbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontainer_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicklabel_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcheckdelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickframe_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstacktransition_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenu_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdeferredpointer_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswitchdelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickaction_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenu_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenuseparator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickslider_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickitemdelegate_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpalette_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialog_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickitemdelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpane_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickscrollview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextfield_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktabbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qaccessiblequickpage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickheaderview_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialogbuttonbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipedelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickbusyindicator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktumbler_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcombobox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontainer_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipedelegate_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickabstractbutton_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickheaderview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktoolseparator_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickcontentitem_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstackelement_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipe_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopupanchors_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickradiodelegate_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickactiongroup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickoverlay_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickradiobutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswitch_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickabstractbutton_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickstackview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopupitem_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicksplitview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qtquicktemplates2-config_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpane_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpage_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickspinbox_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdial_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickapplicationwindow_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickicon_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpopup_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickshortcutcontext_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktextfield_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickpaletteprovider_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickprogressbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickaction_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickmenuitem_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktheme_p_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickswipeview_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktheme_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquicktabbar_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/5.15.7/QtQuickTemplates2/private/qquickdialog_p.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/qtquicktemplates2-config.h qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtQuickTemplates2/QtQuickTemplates2       qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtquickcontrols2/LICENSE            qt5-qtquickcontrols2
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtquickcontrols/LICENSE             qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls/Styles/Flat/libqtquickextrasflatplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls/Styles/Flat/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls/Styles/Flat/qmldir    qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/Private/libdialogsprivateplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/Private/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/Private/qmldir         qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/Private/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/Private/qmldir         qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Dialogs/Private/libdialogsprivateplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls/Styles/Flat/plugins.qmltypes qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls/Styles/Flat/libqtquickextrasflatplugin.so qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/Controls/Styles/Flat/qmldir    qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtquickcontrols/LICENSE             qt5-qtquickcontrols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Script.pc                        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5ScriptTools.pc                   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ScriptTools.so.5                        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ScriptTools.so                          qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_script_private.pri  qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_script.pri          qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_scripttools.pri     qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_scripttools_private.pri qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Script.so.5.15                          qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Script.prl                              qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ScriptTools.so.5.15.7                   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Script.so.5.15.7                        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ScriptTools.so.5.15                     qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Script.so.5                             qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Script.so                               qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5ScriptTools.prl                         qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ScriptTools/Qt5ScriptToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5ScriptTools/Qt5ScriptToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Script/Qt5ScriptConfigVersion.cmake  qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Script/Qt5ScriptConfig.cmake         qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/QtScriptToolsVersion        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptbreakpointswidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggeragent_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscripttooltipproviderinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolecommand_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptstdmessagehandler_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercommandexecutor_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolecommandmanager_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggereventhandlerinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerlocalswidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerlocalsmodel_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolecommand_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercommandschedulerjob_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerlocalswidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsoleglobalobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerstackmodel_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolewidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerobjectsnapshotdelta_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerstandardwidgetfactory_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodewidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggervalueproperty_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebugoutputwidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptsyntaxhighlighter_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptcompletiontaskinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptcompletionproviderinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscripterrorlogwidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolehistorianinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerscriptswidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptobjectsnapshot_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebugger_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerscriptedconsolecommand_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerjobschedulerinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptmessagehandlerinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsole_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebugoutputwidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptvalueproperty_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerresponsehandlerinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercommandschedulerfrontend_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptbreakpointsmodel_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscripterrorlogwidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerbackend_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodefinderwidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscripterrorlogwidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerjob_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptenginedebuggerfrontend_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolewidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerscriptswidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerscriptswidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodewidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptedit_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolewidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptbreakpointswidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerevent_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptbreakpointswidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebugoutputwidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolecommandgroupdata_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggervalue_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerstackwidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerlocalswidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodeviewinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercommandschedulerinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerbackend_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercommandschedulerjob_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerstackwidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercommand_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerjob_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptcompletiontask_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodefinderwidgetinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerfrontend_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerwidgetfactoryinterface_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptcompletiontaskinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerresponse_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodefinderwidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerfrontend_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodeviewinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerstackwidgetinterface_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerscriptsmodel_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptbreakpointdata_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodeview_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptscriptdata_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggercodewidget_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggeragent_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolecommandjob_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptdebuggerconsolecommandjob_p_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/5.15.7/QtScriptTools/private/qscriptxmlparser_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/QtScriptToolsDepends        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/QScriptEngineDebugger       qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/qscriptenginedebugger.h     qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/qtscripttoolsversion.h      qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScriptTools/QtScriptTools               qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptContextInfo               qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptSyntaxCheckResult         qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qtscriptglobal.h                 qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptExtensionPlugin           qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptable.h                    qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptvalue.h                   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptEngineAgent               qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QtScriptDepends                  qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptable_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptastfwd_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptast_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptfunction_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptdeclarativeobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptstring_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptengine_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptqobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptgrammar_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptvalue_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptengineagent_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptclassobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptactivationobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptprogram_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptparser_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptstaticscopeobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptglobalobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptastvisitor_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptobject_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptvariant_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptdeclarativeclass_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptsyntaxchecker_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptcontext_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qtscript-config_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/5.15.7/QtScript/private/qscriptlexer_p.h qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptextensionplugin.h         qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptstring.h                  qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptString                    qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptclasspropertyiterator.h   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptengine.h                  qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptvalueiterator.h           qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptclass.h                   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptClass                     qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptextensioninterface.h      qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptValueList                 qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptValue                     qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptcontext.h                 qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qtscriptversion.h                qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptContext                   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptProgram                   qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptengineagent.h             qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptprogram.h                 qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptable                      qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptValueIterator             qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptContextInfoList           qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptExtensionInterface        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QtScriptVersion                  qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qtscript-config.h                qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptEngine                    qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/qscriptcontextinfo.h             qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QScriptClassPropertyIterator     qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtScript/QtScript                         qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtscript/LICENSE.LGPL3              qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtscript/LICENSE.GPL3               qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtscript/LICENSE.GPL2               qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtscript/LICENSE.FDL                qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtscript/LICENSE.GPL3-EXCEPT        qt5-qtscript
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtsensors/LICENSE                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgesture.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QIRProximityReading             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QMagnetometer                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qambientlightsensor.h           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorPluginInterface          qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGesturePluginInterface   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qhumiditysensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHumiditySensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QDistanceSensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QOrientationReading             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGestureRecognizer        qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qrotationsensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAccelerometer                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensormanager.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorChangesInterface         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QMagnetometerFilter             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorbackend.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QIRProximitySensor              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QCompassFilter                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHolsterFilter                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientLightSensor             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAltimeter                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLightFilter                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientLightReading            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTiltFilter                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QOrientationSensor              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qirproximitysensor.h            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qmagnetometer.h                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qaltimeter.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qsensorbackend_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qirproximitysensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qhumiditysensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qlidsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/sensorlog_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qaccelerometer_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qtsensors-config_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qambientlightsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qdistancesensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qholstersensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qcompass_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qsensorgesture_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/simulatorgesturescommon_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qtiltsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qtapsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qproximitysensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qrotationsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qgyroscope_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qambienttemperaturesensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qorientationsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qmagnetometer_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qsensorgesturemanagerprivate_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qaltimeter_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qpressuresensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.3/QtSensors/private/qlightsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QRotationReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAccelerometerFilter            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTapSensor                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qambienttemperaturesensor.h     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QMagnetometerReading            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qgyroscope.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qholstersensor.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientTemperatureFilter       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QProximitySensor                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTiltSensor                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAccelerometerReading           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QGyroscopeFilter                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qcompass.h                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QCompassReading                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QOrientationFilter              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorReading                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QProximityReading               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLightReading                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qdistancesensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHolsterReading                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGesture                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QPressureSensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtapsensor.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qaccelerometer.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qproximitysensor.h              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTapReading                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QCompass                        qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensor                         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLidReading                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAltimeterReading               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QPressureFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLidFilter                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTiltReading                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qorientationsensor.h            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QtSensorsDepends                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QProximityFilter                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorManager                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QGyroscopeReading               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QGyroscope                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QDistanceReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtsensorsversion.h              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorBackendFactory           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgesturemanager.h         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTapFilter                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QIRProximityFilter              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtsensors-config.h              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qlightsensor.h                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLightSensor                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QPressureReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensor.h                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHumidityFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientTemperatureReading      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorBackend                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHolsterSensor                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QtSensorsVersion                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QDistanceFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientLightFilter             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorplugin.h                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QRotationSensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLidSensor                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QRotationFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qpressuresensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgesturerecognizer.h      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientTemperatureSensor       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QtSensors                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgestureplugininterface.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtiltsensor.h                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorsglobal.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorFilter                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAltimeterFilter                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGestureManager           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHumidityReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qlidsensor.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensors/libqtsensors_generic.so        qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensors/libqtsensors_linuxsys.so       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensors/libqtsensors_iio-sensor-proxy.so qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensorgestures/libqtsensorgestures_plugin.so qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensorgestures/libqtsensorgestures_shakeplugin.so qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Sensors.pc                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5SensorsConfig.cmake       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_QShakeSensorGesturePlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_LinuxSensorPlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5SensorsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_QtSensorGesturePlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_genericSensorPlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_IIOSensorProxySensorPlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5.15.3                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5.15                         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so                              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sensors_private.pri qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sensors.pri         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtSensors/plugins.qmltypes             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtSensors/qmldir                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtSensors/libdeclarative_sensors.so    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.prl                             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5                            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Sensors.pc                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5.15                         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sensors.pri         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_sensors_private.pri qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtSensors/plugins.qmltypes             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtSensors/qmldir                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtSensors/libdeclarative_sensors.so    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5.15.7                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so                              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.prl                             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5                            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5SensorsConfig.cmake       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_IIOSensorProxySensorPlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_LinuxSensorPlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5SensorsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_QShakeSensorGesturePlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_QtSensorGesturePlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Sensors/Qt5Sensors_genericSensorPlugin.cmake qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientLightFilter             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorBackend                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensormanager.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTapReading                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QDistanceReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QtSensorsDepends                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtapsensor.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorFilter                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorChangesInterface         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qlightsensor.h                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHolsterSensor                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorManager                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLightReading                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgesturerecognizer.h      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientTemperatureFilter       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QDistanceFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qambientlightsensor.h           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorReading                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qpressuresensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAccelerometer                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QCompassReading                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTapFilter                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QGyroscope                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/simulatorgesturescommon_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qpressuresensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qambientlightsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qaccelerometer_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qholstersensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qorientationsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qambienttemperaturesensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qsensorbackend_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qtsensors-config_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qrotationsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qdistancesensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qtapsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qhumiditysensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qlightsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qsensorgesture_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/sensorlog_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qcompass_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qlidsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qaltimeter_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qirproximitysensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qgyroscope_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qproximitysensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qsensorgesturemanagerprivate_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qmagnetometer_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/5.15.7/QtSensors/private/qtiltsensor_p.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtsensorsversion.h              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtsensors-config.h              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorbackend.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGestureRecognizer        qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QIRProximityFilter              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientTemperatureSensor       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHumidityFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientLightSensor             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QCompass                        qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientLightReading            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qcompass.h                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QRotationReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qorientationsensor.h            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qlidsensor.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGesturePluginInterface   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgesture.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qirproximitysensor.h            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qtiltsensor.h                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qaccelerometer.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorPluginInterface          qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensor.h                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QProximitySensor                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAltimeterReading               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qgyroscope.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qdistancesensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLidFilter                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QProximityFilter                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgestureplugininterface.h qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QGyroscopeFilter                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QMagnetometerFilter             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QRotationFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QPressureReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QMagnetometerReading            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorplugin.h                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAccelerometerReading           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QOrientationFilter              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QPressureSensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QOrientationReading             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTiltSensor                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHumiditySensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAmbientTemperatureReading      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAltimeter                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHolsterFilter                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTiltFilter                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorgesturemanager.h         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLidSensor                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QOrientationSensor              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qrotationsensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qhumiditysensor.h               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGesture                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qambienttemperaturesensor.h     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTiltReading                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QTapSensor                      qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLidReading                     qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QDistanceSensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QtSensorsVersion                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QIRProximityReading             qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QProximityReading               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qsensorsglobal.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qmagnetometer.h                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorGestureManager           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QtSensors                       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qholstersensor.h                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAccelerometerFilter            qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLightSensor                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensor                         qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHolsterReading                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QRotationSensor                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QPressureFilter                 qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QIRProximitySensor              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QCompassFilter                  qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QHumidityReading                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QLightFilter                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QSensorBackendFactory           qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QGyroscopeReading               qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qproximitysensor.h              qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/qaltimeter.h                    qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QAltimeterFilter                qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSensors/QMagnetometer                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtsensors/LICENSE                   qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensors/libqtsensors_linuxsys.so       qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensors/libqtsensors_iio-sensor-proxy.so qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensors/libqtsensors_generic.so        qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensorgestures/libqtsensorgestures_shakeplugin.so qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/sensorgestures/libqtsensorgestures_plugin.so qt5-qtsensors
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5SerialPort.pc                    qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5SerialPort.so.5.15.7                    qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_serialport.pri      qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_serialport_private.pri qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5SerialPort.so.5                         qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5SerialPort.so.5.15                      qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5SerialPort.so                           qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5SerialPort.prl                          qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5SerialPort/Qt5SerialPortConfig.cmake qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5SerialPort/Qt5SerialPortConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/qserialport.h                qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/5.15.7/QtSerialPort/private/qserialportinfo_p.h qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/5.15.7/QtSerialPort/private/qserialport_p.h qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/5.15.7/QtSerialPort/private/qtudev_p.h qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/5.15.7/QtSerialPort/private/qtserialport-config_p.h qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/5.15.7/QtSerialPort/private/qtntdll_p.h qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/QtSerialPortVersion          qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/qserialportinfo.h            qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/QtSerialPort                 qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/QtSerialPortDepends          qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/QSerialPort                  qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/qserialportglobal.h          qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/QSerialPortInfo              qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/qtserialportversion.h        qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSerialPort/qtserialport-config.h        qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtserialport/LICENSE                qt5-qtserialport
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtsvg/LICENSE                       qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QSvgWidget                          qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qgraphicssvgitem.h                  qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qtsvgversion.h                      qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvggraphics_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qtsvgglobal_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvgstyle_p.h  qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvgstructure_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvgfont_p.h   qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvgnode_p.h   qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvgtinydocument_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.3/QtSvg/private/qsvghandler_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QGraphicsSvgItem                    qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QtSvg                               qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qsvggenerator.h                     qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qtsvgglobal.h                       qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qsvgwidget.h                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QSvgRenderer                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QtSvgDepends                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QtSvgVersion                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qsvgrenderer.h                      qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QSvgGenerator                       qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqsvg.so                qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/iconengines/libqsvgicon.so             qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Svg.pc                           qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so.5.15.3                           qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QSvgIconPlugin.cmake      qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QSvgPlugin.cmake          qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Svg/Qt5SvgConfig.cmake               qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Svg/Qt5SvgConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so.5.15                             qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_svg.pri             qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_svg_private.pri     qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so                                  qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.prl                                 qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so.5                                qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Svg.pc                           qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so.5                                qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_svg_private.pri     qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_svg.pri             qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so                                  qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.prl                                 qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so.5.15                             qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Svg.so.5.15.7                           qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Svg/Qt5SvgConfig.cmake               qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Svg/Qt5SvgConfigVersion.cmake        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QSvgIconPlugin.cmake      qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Gui/Qt5Gui_QSvgPlugin.cmake          qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QtSvgVersion                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QtSvgDepends                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvgfont_p.h   qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qtsvgglobal_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvgstyle_p.h  qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvgtinydocument_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvggraphics_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvghandler_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvgnode_p.h   qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/5.15.7/QtSvg/private/qsvgstructure_p.h qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qsvggenerator.h                     qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QGraphicsSvgItem                    qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QSvgGenerator                       qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QSvgWidget                          qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QSvgRenderer                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qtsvgglobal.h                       qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qtsvgversion.h                      qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/QtSvg                               qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qgraphicssvgitem.h                  qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qsvgrenderer.h                      qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtSvg/qsvgwidget.h                        qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtsvg/LICENSE                       qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/iconengines/libqsvgicon.so             qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/imageformats/libqsvg.so                qt5-qtsvg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lrelease-pro                     qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lprodump                         qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lrelease                         qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qtattributionsscanner            qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lupdate                          qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lconvert                         qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lupdate-pro                      qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lrelease                         qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lupdate-pro                      qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/qtattributionsscanner            qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lrelease-pro                     qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lupdate                          qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lconvert                         qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/qt/cross/bin/lprodump                         qt5-qttools-cross-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/QtUiToolsDepends                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/5.15.3/QtUiTools/private/quiloader_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/QtUiToolsVersion                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/QtUiTools                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/QUiLoader                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/qtuitoolsversion.h              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiTools/quiloader.h                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesignerComponents/qtdesignercomponentsversion.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesignerComponents/5.15.3/QtDesignerComponents/private/lib_pch.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesignerComponents/QtDesignerComponentsDepends qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesignerComponents/QtDesignerComponentsVersion qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesignerComponents/QtDesignerComponents qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/customwidget.h                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/QtUiPluginDepends              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/QDesignerExportWidget          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/QDesignerCustomWidgetCollectionInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/qdesignerexportwidget.h        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/qtuipluginversion.h            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/QDesignerCustomWidgetInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/QtUiPlugin                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtUiPlugin/QtUiPluginVersion              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerWidgetDataBaseItemInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractnewformwidget.h        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/propertysheet.h                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerDynamicPropertySheetExtension qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerObjectInspectorInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/container.h                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/membersheet.h                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/customwidget.h                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/extension.h                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractpromotioninterface.h   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractactioneditor.h         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/layoutdecoration.h             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QtDesignerVersion              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerPromotionInterface    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerFormEditorPluginInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/formbuilder.h                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractwidgetfactory.h        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractobjectinspector.h      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerFormEditorInterface   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformwindowmanager.h    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractsettings.h             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractlanguage.h             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/qdesigner_components_global.h  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QAbstractFormBuilder           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerIntegrationInterface  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/qextensionmanager.h            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QExtensionManager              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformeditorplugin.h     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractpropertyeditor.h       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerPropertySheetExtension qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerDnDItemInterface      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerFormWindowToolInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerExportWidget          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/textpropertyeditor_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_dnditem_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/grid_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/zoomwidget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/actionprovider_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/widgetfactory_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_qsettings_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qtresourcemodel_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/lib_pch.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/shared_settings_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/morphmenu_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_formwindowcommand_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/iconloader_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_menu_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/resourcebuilder_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/abstractdialoggui_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/properties_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/gridpanel_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/ui4_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qtresourceview_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_introspection_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/shared_global_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_dockwidget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_taskmenu_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_propertycommand_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/iconselector_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/connectionedit_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/propertylineedit_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_toolbar_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qlayout_widget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/htmlhighlighter_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/spacer_widget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/layout_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/richtexteditor_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/plaintexteditor_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_objectinspector_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/orderdialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/plugindialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/dialoggui_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/invisible_widget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_toolbox_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/formlayoutmenu_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/promotiontaskmenu_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/extensionfactory_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/formwindowbase_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/layoutinfo_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_formeditorcommand_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/formbuilderextra_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/actionrepository_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_formbuilder_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/sheet_delegate_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/deviceprofile_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_command_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_tabwidget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/actioneditor_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_propertyeditor_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/promotionmodel_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_formwindowmanager_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_promotion_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/codedialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/csshighlighter_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/newformwidget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/pluginmanager_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/stylesheeteditor_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/previewmanager_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/signalslotdialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/selectsignaldialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/textbuilder_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_utils_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_menubar_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/previewconfigurationwidget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_widgetbox_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qtresourceeditordialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_widgetitem_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/newactiondialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/rcc_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qsimpleresource_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_command2_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_widget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/abstractintrospection_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_stackedbox_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/widgetdatabase_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/shared_enums_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/metadatabase_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_promotiondialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_membersheet_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/5.15.3/QtDesigner/private/qdesigner_propertysheet_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerLanguageExtension     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerCustomWidgetCollectionInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerIntegration           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractoptionspage.h          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerWidgetFactoryInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerActionEditorInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QExtensionFactory              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformeditor.h           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerLayoutDecorationExtension qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerMemberSheetExtension  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformwindowtool.h       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerExtraInfoExtension    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/extension_global.h             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/taskmenu.h                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractwidgetdatabase.h       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QFormBuilder                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformwindow.h           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/sdk_global.h                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractmetadatabase.h         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerFormWindowInterface   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QtDesignerDepends              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/extrainfo.h                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/qdesignerexportwidget.h        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerPropertyEditorInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerFormWindowCursorInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerCustomWidgetInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QAbstractExtensionManager      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerWidgetBoxInterface    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractintegration.h          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/uilib_global.h                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformbuilder.h          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerMetaDataBaseItemInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerTaskMenuExtension     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerResourceBrowserInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/default_extensionfactory.h     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerContainerExtension    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerFormWindowManagerInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/qdesigner_components.h         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerSettingsInterface     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractresourcebrowser.h      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractdnditem.h              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerNewFormWidgetInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QAbstractExtensionFactory      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerOptionsPageInterface  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerComponents            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerWidgetDataBaseInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractformwindowcursor.h     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/qtdesignerversion.h            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QtDesigner                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/abstractwidgetbox.h            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/QDesignerMetaDataBaseInterface qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtDesigner/dynamicpropertysheet.h         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpSearchQueryWidget             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpEngineCore                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpIndexModel                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QtHelpVersion                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpsearchresultwidget.h          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpfilterdata.h                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelplink.h                        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpLink                          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qthelpversion.h                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpContentItem                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpfiltersettingswidget.h        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpengine.h                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpFilterEngine                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qcompressedhelpinfo.h              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpsearchengine.h                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpsearchindexreader_default_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpsearchindexreader_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpsearchindexwriter_default_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qfilternamedialog_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpengine_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpdbreader_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qoptionswidget_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpcollectionhandler_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/5.15.3/QtHelp/private/qhelpfiltersettings_p.h qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpFilterData                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpfilterengine.h                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpContentWidget                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpEngine                        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpContentModel                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpSearchEngine                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpenginecore.h                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpSearchQuery                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QtHelpDepends                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpFilterSettingsWidget          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelp_global.h                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpindexwidget.h                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpSearchResultWidget            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QCompressedHelpInfo                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpSearchResult                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpIndexWidget                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpcontentwidget.h               qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/qhelpsearchquerywidget.h           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QHelpGlobal                        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtHelp/QtHelp                             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Designer.so.5.15.3                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5UiPlugin.pc                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Designer.pc                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5Help.pc                          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5UiTools.pc                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5UiPlugin.prl                            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Help.prl                                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5UiTools.prl                             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Designer.prl                            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DesignerComponents.so                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_help_private.pri    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_help.pri            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_designercomponents_private.pri qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_designer.pri        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_uitools_private.pri qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_designer_private.pri qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_uiplugin.pri        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_uitools.pri         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Designer.so.5.15                        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DesignerComponents.so.5                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Designer.so                             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5UiTools.a                               qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Help.so.5                               qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Designer/Qt5DesignerConfig.cmake     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Designer/Qt5DesignerConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Designer/Qt5Designer_QQuickWidgetPlugin.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Help/Qt5HelpConfig.cmake             qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Help/Qt5HelpConfigVersion.cmake      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5Help/Qt5HelpConfigExtras.cmake       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5LinguistTools/Qt5LinguistToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5LinguistTools/Qt5LinguistToolsMacros.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5LinguistTools/Qt5LinguistToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DesignerComponents/Qt5DesignerComponentsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5DesignerComponents/Qt5DesignerComponentsConfig.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5AttributionsScannerTools/Qt5AttributionsScannerToolsConfig.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5AttributionsScannerTools/Qt5AttributionsScannerToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5UiPlugin/Qt5UiPluginConfig.cmake     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5UiPlugin/Qt5UiPluginConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5UiTools/Qt5UiToolsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5UiTools/Qt5UiToolsConfig.cmake       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Help.so.5.15.3                          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Help.so                                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DesignerComponents.prl                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DesignerComponents.so.5.15.3            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Help.so.5.15                            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5Designer.so.5                           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5DesignerComponents.so.5.15              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lrelease-pro                                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pixeltool                                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/makeqpf                                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdistancefieldgenerator                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qev                                           qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/designer                                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lprodump                                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lrelease                                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/assistant                                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qcollectiongenerator                          qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdbusviewer                                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qtplugininfo                                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qtdiag                                        qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/linguist                                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qtattributionsscanner                         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lupdate                                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qtpaths                                       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lconvert                                      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qdbus                                         qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lupdate-pro                                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qhelpgenerator                                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/assistant.png      qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/linguist.png       qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/qdbusviewer.png    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/assistant.png    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/linguist.png     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/qdbusviewer.png  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/designer.png     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/russian.qph                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/italian.qph                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/polish.qph                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/dutch.qph                    qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/japanese.qph                 qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/norwegian.qph                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/french.qph                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/german.qph                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/danish.qph                   qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/finnish.qph                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/swedish.qph                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/hungarian.qph                qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt/phrasebooks/spanish.qph                  qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/linguist.desktop               qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/designer.desktop               qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/assistant.desktop              qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/qdbusviewer.desktop            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qttools/LICENSE                     qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/designer/libqquickwidget.so            qt5-qttools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtwebchannel/LICENSE                qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/qqmlwebchannel.h             qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/5.15.3/QtWebChannel/private/signalhandler_p.h qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/5.15.3/QtWebChannel/private/qmetaobjectpublisher_p.h qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/5.15.3/QtWebChannel/private/variantargument_p.h qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/5.15.3/QtWebChannel/private/qqmlwebchannelattached_p.h qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/5.15.3/QtWebChannel/private/qwebchannel_p.h qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/QtWebChannelVersion          qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/qtwebchannelversion.h        qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/QWebChannel                  qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/qwebchannel.h                qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/QtWebChannelDepends          qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/QWebChannelAbstractTransport qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/qwebchannelabstracttransport.h qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/QQmlWebChannel               qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/qwebchannelglobal.h          qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebChannel/QtWebChannel                 qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebChannel.prl                          qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebChannel.so.5.15                      qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5WebChannel.pc                    qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebChannel.so                           qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebChannel/Qt5WebChannelConfig.cmake qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebChannel/Qt5WebChannelConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebChannel.so.5.15.3                    qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_webchannel.pri      qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_webchannel_private.pri qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtWebChannel/libdeclarative_webchannel.so qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtWebChannel/plugins.qmltypes          qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtWebChannel/qmldir                    qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebChannel.so.5                         qt5-qtwebchannel
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKitWidgets/Qt5WebKitWidgetsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKitWidgets/Qt5WebKitWidgetsTargets.cmake qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKitWidgets/Qt5WebKitWidgetsConfig.cmake qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKitWidgets/Qt5WebKitWidgetsTargets-release.cmake qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKit/WebKitTargets.cmake           qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKit/Qt5WebKitConfigVersion.cmake  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKit/Qt5WebKitConfig.cmake         qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebKit/WebKitTargets-release.cmake   qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebKit.so                               qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebKitWidgets.so                        qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5WebKit.pc                        qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5WebKitWidgets.pc                 qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_webkit.pri          qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_webkitwidgets_private.pri qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_webkitwidgets.pri   qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_webkit_private.pri  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QWebView                  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QtWebKitWidgetsDepends    qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/qwebframe.h               qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QWebFrame                 qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QWebHitTestResult         qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QWebInspector             qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/qwebinspector.h           qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/qwebview.h                qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/qgraphicswebview.h        qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QtWebKitWidgetsVersion    qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/qwebpage.h                qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QGraphicsWebView          qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/qtwebkitwidgetsversion.h  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/5.212.0/QtWebKitWidgets/private/qwebpage_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/5.212.0/QtWebKitWidgets/private/qwebinspector_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/5.212.0/QtWebKitWidgets/private/qwebviewaccessible_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/5.212.0/QtWebKitWidgets/private/qwebframe_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QWebPage                  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKitWidgets/QtWebKitWidgets           qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebkitplatformplugin.h          qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebNotificationData             qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QtWebKitVersion                  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebNotificationPresenter        qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebSelectData                   qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebhistory.h                    qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebkitglobal.h                  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebFullScreenRequest            qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebpluginfactory.h              qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebhistoryinterface.h           qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebSettings                     qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebTouchModifier                qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebElementCollection            qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebHapticFeedbackPlayer         qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebElement                      qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebSelectMethod                 qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebKitPlatformPlugin            qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebHistory                      qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebHistoryItem                  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebelement.h                    qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebSpellChecker                 qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qtwebkitversion.h                qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebsettings.h                   qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebDatabase                     qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebfullscreenrequest.h          qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebsecurityorigin.h             qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebHistoryInterface             qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QtWebKitDepends                  qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebPluginFactory                qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebSecurityOrigin               qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qwebhistory_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qwebsecurityorigin_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qhttpheader_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qwebplugindatabase_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qwebscriptworld_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qwebdatabase_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/5.212.0/QtWebKit/private/qwebelement_p.h qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/qwebdatabase.h                   qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QWebFullScreenVideoHandler       qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebKit/QtWebKit                         qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtwebkit/LICENSE                    qt5-qtwebkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtwebsockets/LICENSE                qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qmaskgenerator.h             qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QWebSocket                   qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qdefaultmaskgenerator_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsocketdataprocessor_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsocketcorsauthenticator_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsocketprotocol_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsocketframe_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsocket_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsockethandshakerequest_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsockethandshakeresponse_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qsslserver_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/5.15.3/QtWebSockets/private/qwebsocketserver_p.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QWebSocketServer             qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QWebSocketCorsAuthenticator  qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QWebSocketProtocol           qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qwebsocket.h                 qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QtWebSocketsDepends          qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qwebsocketprotocol.h         qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QtWebSockets                 qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qwebsocketserver.h           qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qtwebsocketsversion.h        qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qwebsockets_global.h         qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QtWebSocketsVersion          qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/qwebsocketcorsauthenticator.h qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtWebSockets/QMaskGenerator               qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5WebSockets.pc                    qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebSockets/Qt5WebSocketsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5WebSockets/Qt5WebSocketsConfig.cmake qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebSockets.so                           qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebSockets.so.5                         qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebSockets.so.5.15.3                    qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_websockets_private.pri qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_websockets.pri      qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtWebSockets/plugins.qmltypes          qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtWebSockets/qmldir                    qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtWebSockets/libdeclarative_qmlwebsockets.so qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/Qt/WebSockets/qmldir                   qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebSockets.prl                          qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5WebSockets.so.5.15                      qt5-qtwebsockets
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtx11extras/LICENSE                 qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/qx11info_x11.h                qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/qtx11extrasglobal.h           qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/QtX11Extras                   qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/QtX11ExtrasDepends            qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/QtX11ExtrasVersion            qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/QX11Info                      qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtX11Extras/qtx11extrasversion.h          qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5X11Extras.pc                     qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5X11Extras/Qt5X11ExtrasConfig.cmake   qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5X11Extras/Qt5X11ExtrasConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5X11Extras.so.5.15.3                     qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5X11Extras.so.5                          qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5X11Extras.so.5.15                       qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_x11extras.pri       qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_x11extras_private.pri qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5X11Extras.so                            qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5X11Extras.prl                           qt5-qtx11extras
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5-qtxmlpatterns/LICENSE               qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlQuery                   qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlschema.h                qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qsourcelocation.h           qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlresultitems.h           qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlItem                    qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlNamePool                qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QtXmlPatterns               qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlschemavalidator.h       qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qitemverifier_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qderivedinteger_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstackcontextbase_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunparsedentitypublicidfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractxmlpullprovider_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qprojectedexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdelement_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunioniterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcachingiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdattributeuse_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcastas_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfloatmathematician_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcalltargetdescription_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qoptimizationpasses_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qattributeconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcardinality_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qschemacomponent_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsubstringfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/quriloader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdattributereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdvalidatedxmlnodemodel_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcallsite_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxpath10corefunctions_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccomparator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdaytimeduration_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemachecker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qacceliterators_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbuiltinnodetype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qreportcontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qprimitives_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticcontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvaluefactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxpath20corefunctions_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpositionalvariablereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsltnodetest_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdelegatingdynamiccontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qattributenamevalidator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunparsedtextavailablefn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdeviceresourceloader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qschematime_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdparticle_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamespaceconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qemptycontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qoptimizerblocks_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtemplateparameterreference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsimplecontentconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsddocumentation_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxslttokenizer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxslttokenlookup_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparisonfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfloatmathematician_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamedschemacomponent_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsequencegeneratingfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcurrentfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qschemanumeric_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qelementavailablefn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtextnodeconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomictypedispatch_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qresourceloader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtocodepointsiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamepool_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qinteger_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomputednamespaceconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgenerateidfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdistinctiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgmonth_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticcurrentcontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdannotation_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsingletoniterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qduration_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qarithmeticexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qoperandsiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcastingplatform_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpath_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qintersectiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdvalidatinginstancereader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexpressionvariablereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qelementconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsinglecontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractduration_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qapplytemplate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qqnameconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcollationchecker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdidcache_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxslt20corefunctions_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnodecomparison_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfloat_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcombinenodes_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexpressiondispatch_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdelegatingnamespaceresolver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qitem_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdatetimefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qaggregatefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qprocessinginstructionconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qanyuri_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfloat_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcopyof_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomicmathematicianlocator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcurrentitemstore_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qschematype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgyearmonth_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qifthenclause_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qebvtype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticbaseuricontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/quntypedatomic_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunparsedentityurifn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvariableloader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticbaseuricontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomizer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qanysimpletype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschema_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmldebug_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsystempropertyfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticfocuscontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnumericfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvalidate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunaryexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qliteralsequence_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdnotation_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qreferencecountedvalue_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/quserfunction_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtemplatemode_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpaircontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccomparators_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmlschema_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparisonplatform_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qboolean_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxpathhelper_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdattribute_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsduserschematype_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qaxisstep_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qoutputvalidator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgenericnamespaceresolver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qmaintainingreader_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnodebuilder_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemahelper_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qresolveurifn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qacceltreeresourceloader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbuiltintypes_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcontextnodechecker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdstatemachine_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qemptyiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsequencereceiver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparestringfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcommonnamespaces_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcoloroutput_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qqnamevalue_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdxpathexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractxmlforwarditerator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qaccessorfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qrangeexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtokenrevealer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamespacesupport_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccomparatorlocator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcachecells_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdcomplextype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcppcastinghelper_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnetworkaccessdelegator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxquerytokenizer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsorttuple_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qparsercontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qresourcedelegator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcontextfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfunctionsignature_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpullbridge_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnonetype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/quntypedatomicconverter_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcommonvalues_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmlschemavalidator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticcompatibilitystore_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/quserfunctioncallsite_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgenericstaticcontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfunctionargument_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnumerictype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qebvextractor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qacceltreebuilder_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmlpatternistcli_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdterm_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfloatcasters_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qremovaliterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdelegatingstaticcontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccasterlocators_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtruthpredicate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvariabledeclaration_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexceptiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdinstancereader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunlimitedcontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qevaluationcache_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdatetimefn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmlserializer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qargumentconverter_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qacceltree_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomicstring_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsltsimplecontentconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtokenvalue_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qconstructorfunctionsfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qparentnodeaxis_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdparticlechecker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdtypechecker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsduserschematype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnodesort_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/quntyped_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfunctioncall_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemadebugger_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomictype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdstatemachinebuilder_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbase64binary_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdocumentprojector_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qqnametest_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdreference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qoptimizerframework_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qinsertioniterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtokensource_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmlresultitems_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qschemadatetime_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdeepequalfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qrangevariablereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdatetimefns_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccaster_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbuiltinnodetype_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparescaseaware_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsourcelocationreflection_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdsimpletype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamespacenametest_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtriplecontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxmlquery_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbuiltinatomictypes_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsubsequenceiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qanyitemtype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractxmlreceiver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qaggregator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qquantifiedexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtracefn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdeduplicateiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractxmlnodemodel_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qrangeiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qacceltreebuilder_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgmonthday_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcardinalityverifier_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamespaceresolver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qforclause_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnodenamespaceresolver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtokenizer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qemptysequence_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticnamespacescontainer_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qitemmappingiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qschematypefactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdattributegroup_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractnodetest_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexpressionfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qindexofiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexternalvariablereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcalltemplate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexternalvariableloader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpatternplatform_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdynamiccontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparingaggregator_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfunctionfactorycollection_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtxmlpatterns-config_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcontextitem_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtypechecker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdalternative_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdwildcard_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcurrentitemcontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qexpressionsequence_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgenericpredicate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgenericsequencetype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qderivedstring_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdmodelgroup_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qiodevicedelegate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunresolvedvariablereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdattributeterm_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qandexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcommonsequencetypes_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtemplateinvoker_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qassemblestringfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsequencefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfunctionavailablefn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvaluecomparison_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccomparatorlocators_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qinstanceof_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcoloringmessagehandler_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccasterlocator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdidchelper_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtemplatepattern_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qevaluationcache_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticbaseuristore_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qargumentreference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgyear_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvariablereference_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qreceiverdynamiccontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qorderby_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdocumentcontentvalidator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomiccasters_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qanytype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdfacet_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qerrorfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qunparsedtextfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgday_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparingaggregator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgenericdynamiccontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qlocalnametest_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qreturnorderby_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qanynodetype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstackcontextbase_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdstatemachine_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtreatas_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtypeavailablefn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfocus_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qquerytransformparser_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsequencemappingiterator_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdynamiccontextstore_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomicmathematicianlocators_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemaparser_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qitemtype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qorexpression_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbooleanfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfunctionfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qliteral_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtimezonefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qyearmonthduration_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemaresolver_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qhexbinary_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcompressedwhitespace_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdocumentconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qsequencetype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpatternmatchingfns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qfirstitempredicate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qmultiitemtype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdannotated_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractdatetime_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemamerger_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qletclause_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbuiltinatomictype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfunctionfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qabstractfloatcasters_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qmaintainingreader_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qautoptr_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qpatternistlocale_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstringvaluefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomicmathematician_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticcompatibilitycontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschematoken_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemacontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdapplicationinformation_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qemptysequencetype_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschematypesfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qbasictypesfactory_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdschemaparsercontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qstaticnamespacecontext_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcommentconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnamespacebinding_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdidentityconstraint_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdecimal_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qgeneralcomparison_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcastableas_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qatomicmathematicians_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcomparisonplatform_tpl_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qwithparam_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qqnamefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qvalidationerror_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qtemplate_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qnodefns_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qxsdassertion_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qncnameconstructor_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qdocumentfn_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/5.15.3/QtXmlPatterns/private/qcastingplatform_p.h qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QAbstractUriResolver        qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qtxmlpatternsglobal.h       qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlName                    qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlname.h                  qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QtXmlPatternsDepends        qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlquery.h                 qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlNodeModelIndex          qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qabstractmessagehandler.h   qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qtxmlpatternsversion.h      qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlFormatter               qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qabstracturiresolver.h      qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlResultItems             qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qabstractxmlnodemodel.h     qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QAbstractMessageHandler     qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QAbstractXmlReceiver        qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QSourceLocation             qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlformatter.h             qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlSchemaValidator         qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QtXmlPatternsVersion        qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qtxmlpatterns-config.h      qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlserializer.h            qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qsimplexmlnodemodel.h       qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QAbstractXmlNodeModel       qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qabstractxmlreceiver.h      qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlSerializer              qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QXmlSchema                  qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/QSimpleXmlNodeModel         qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/QtXmlPatterns/qxmlnamepool.h              qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so.5.15.3                   qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/Qt5XmlPatterns.pc                   qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so                          qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XmlPatterns/Qt5XmlPatternsConfigVersion.cmake qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/Qt5XmlPatterns/Qt5XmlPatternsConfig.cmake qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.prl                         qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xmlpatterns.pri     qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/mkspecs/modules/qt_lib_xmlpatterns_private.pri qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/XmlListModel/libqmlxmllistmodelplugin.so qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/XmlListModel/plugins.qmltypes  qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/qt/qml/QtQuick/XmlListModel/qmldir            qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so.5                        qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so.5.15                     qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/xmlpatterns                                   qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/xmlpatternsvalidator                          qt5-qtxmlpatterns
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qt5ct                                         qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/qt5ct.desktop                  qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/qt5ct/LICENSE                           qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/dusk.conf                      qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/simple.conf                    qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/waves.conf                     qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/darker.conf                    qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/airy.conf                      qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/sand.conf                      qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/ia_ora.conf                    qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/qss/sliders-simple.qss                qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/qss/traynotification-simple.qss       qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/qss/tooltip-simple.qss                qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/qss/fusion-fixes.qss                  qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/qss/scrollbar-simple.qss              qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/platformthemes/libqt5ct.so             qt5ct
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/qt/styles/libqt5ct-style.so               qt5ct
